Copyright © 2014 by The Promo Biz, Inc. All rights reserved. Printed in the United States of America. Except as permitted under the United States Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced or distributed in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author.

LEGAL NOTICE:
The author has strived to be as accurate and complete as possible in the creation of this publication, notwithstanding the fact that the author does not warrant or represent at any time that the contents within are accurate due to the rapidly changing nature of the subject matter of this publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided in this publication, the author assumes no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation of the subject matter herein. Any perceived slights of specific persons, peoples, or organizations are unintentional. This publication is a common sense guide to business and personal marketing. In practical advice publications, like anything else in life, there are no guarantees of income made. Readers are advised to rely on their own judgment about their individual circumstances and to act accordingly. This publication is not intended for use as a source of legal, business, accounting or financial advice. All readers are advised to seek services of competent professionals in legal, business, accounting, and finance fields.

PHOTOGRAPH AND IMAGE SOURCES:
Photographs and images used in this publication are from the following sources, and are used under license from the owners or are in the public domain (no copyright). Under no circumstances may any copyrighted photographs or images contained in this publication be sold or distributed or used independently of this publication without first securing or purchasing a separate license from the owners. Some of the photographs and images used herein were obtained from IMSI’s Master Photos Collection and MasterClips Collection, 1895 Francisco Blvd. East, San Rafael, CA 94901-5506, USA. Copyright © IMSI 1997. Some of the images used herein were obtained from the Dover Pictorial Archive Series® including Books from the Dover Clip Art Series®. Copyright © Dover Publications 1993, IMSI 1997. Some of the photographs and images used herein were obtained from LIFE Photo Archive hosted by Google. © Time Inc., ©2008 Google.

2

Some of the photographs and images used herein were obtained from The Promo Biz, Inc., 1025 Madalyn Way, Portland, TN 37148-2443, USA. © 2013, 2014 Dennis D. Shaw. Some of the photographs and images used herein, including cover designs and book mockup images, were obtained from Dennis D. Shaw, 1025 Madalyn Way, Portland, TN 37148-2443, USA. © 2013, 2014 Dennis D. Shaw. Some of the photographs and images used herein were obtained from Megan Marlene Photography, 4105 Turnagain Blvd. Suite Q, Anchorage, AK 99517-2465 USA. © 2014 Megan Marlene Photography. Some of the photographs and images used herein were obtained from Megan Marlene Peter, 4105 Turnagain Blvd. Suite Q, Anchorage, AK 99517-2465 USA. © 2014 Megan Marlen Peter.

DISCLAIMER:
The author and publisher of this publication assumes no responsibility, and is not liable, for the sale, distribution, publishing, misuse or misappropriation in any form or by any means of any of the content of this publication, including, but not limited to, all text, photographs and images contained herein.

3

Promote Your Business with Holidays and Special Awareness 2014 Edition

4

Table of Contents
About this Book Introduction How to Use this Book January February March April May June July August September October November December Index 5 6 11 12 52 77 104 132 169 196 222 247 274 307 338 363

5

ABOUT THIS BOOK
This book is the result of hundreds of hours of research. Every effort has been made to verify and authenticate the information contained herein. However, in order to provide you with the greatest amount of useful and beneficial information, and because of the changing nature of the subject matter, we cannot guarantee its accuracy. We live by the creed: Givers Gain. One of our favorite quotes is from Winston Churchill:

You make a living by what you get. You make a life by what you give.
It is in this spirit of giving that we have released this edition of Promote Your Business. We are also happy to offer our assistance to develop advertising campaigns and promotional programs. Our areas of expertise are not limited to just advertising and promotion. We are also able to help with workplace safety programs, employee recognition, employee performance enhancement, motivation and morale, mobile and internet marketing as well as a host of other needs. We are able to assist with almost every facet of business. We are available for consultation in your place of business. To schedule an appointment, contact us today.

6

INTRODUCTION

Why We Celebrate
Holidays have existed for thousands of years. These “Holy Days” originated with religious observances. Later, specific days were set aside to commemorate special events or to honor certain individuals.

The Days of the Week
Even the days of the week were originally intended to honor certain deities. The names of the days are in some cases derived from Teutonic deities or, such as in Romance languages, from Roman deities. The early Romans, around the first century, used Saturday as the first day of the week. As the worshipping of the Sun increased, the Sun's day (Sunday) advanced from being the second day to being the first day of the week (and Saturday became the seventh day). Sunday The name comes from the Latin dies solis, meaning “the sun's day,” the name of a pagan Roman holiday. It is also called Dominica (Latin), the Day of God. The Romance languages, languages derived from the ancient Latin language (such as French, Spanish, and Italian), retain the root. French: dimanche. Italian: domenica. Spanish: domingo. German: Sonntag. Dutch: zondag. [both mean “sun-day”] Monday The name comes from the Anglo-Saxon monandaeg, meaning “the moon's day.” This second day was sacred to the goddess of the moon. French: lundi. Italian: lunedi. Spanish: lunes. [from Luna, “Moon”] German: Montag. Dutch: maandag. [both mean “moon-day”] Tuesday This day was named after the Norse god Tyr. The Romans named this day after their god of war Mars: dies Martis. French: mardi. Italian: martedi. Spanish: martes. [named for Mars] German: Dienstag (meaning “Assembly Day”). In the Netherlands it is known as dinsdag, in Denmark as tirsdag and in Sweden tisdag.

7

Wednesday The day named to honor Wodan (Odin). The Romans called it dies Mercurii, after their god Mercury. French: mercredi. Italian: mercoledi. Spanish: miércoles. German: Mittwoch. Dutch: woensdag. Thursday In the Norse languages this day is called Torsdag, after the Norse god Thor. The Romans named this day dies Jovis (“Jove's Day”), after Jove or Jupiter, their most important god. French: jeudi. Italian: giovedi. Spanish: jueves. German: Donnerstag. Dutch: donderdag. Friday The day in honor of the Norse goddess Frigg. In Old High German this day was called frigedag. The Romans named this day dies veneris (“Venus’ Day”) to honor the goddess Venus. French: vendredi. Italian: venerdi. Spanish: viernes. German: Freitag. Dutch: vrijdag. Saturday The Romans called this day dies Saturni (“Saturn's Day”) in honor of Saturn. AngloSaxon: sater daeg. French: samedi. Italian: sabato. Spanish: sábádo. German: Samstag. Dutch: zaterdag. Swedish: Lördag. Danish and Norse: Lørdag. [“washing day”]

The Months of the Year
Originally, there were ten months in the year. This was probably for the same reason as why we have a decimal counting system (increments of ten), because we have ten fingers. The months were named for certain deities or individuals, or for their order on the calendar: January The first month in the year in the Julian and Gregorian calendars. January is named after Janus the god “of the doorway” or “of all beginnings.” No later than 153BC, January replaced March as the first month of the new year.

8

February The second month was originally unnamed on the Roman calendar. The name, first known to be used sometime before the twelfth century AD, is from the Latin Februa, plural, meaning “feast of purification.” March This month received its name from the Romans, derived from the Latin Martius referring to Mars, the Roman god of war. It is understandable that the Romans would give a whole month to this particular god, seeing that they were all about conquest. April April is thought to be based on the Etruscan apru for Aphrodite the ancient Greek goddess of love and beauty, identified by the Romans with Venus. April may also originate from aperire, “to open.” Possible because it is the month in which the buds begin to open. May Originally the third month of the Roman calendar. The name probably comes from Maiesta, the Roman goddess of honor and reverence. June Named in honor of Juno. However, the name might also come from iuniores (young men; juniors) as opposed to maiores (grown men; majors) for May, the two months being dedicated to young and old men. July This was the month in which Julius Caesar was born, and named Julius in his honor in 44 BC, the year of his assassination. Also called Quintilis (fifth month). August This month was originally called Sextilis (from sextus, “six”), but the name was later changed in honor of the first of the Roman emperors, Augustus (because several fortunate events of his life occurred during this month). September The name for this month comes from septem, “seven.” It was originally the seventh month until July and August were inserted into the mix. October October comes from octo, “eight.” November November comes from novem, “nine.” December December comes from decem, “ten.”

9

Holy Days
As mentioned before, the term “holiday” is a contraction of the words, “holy” and “day.” Many of the holidays we observe today have their origin in paganism. After the establishment of the Roman Catholic Church in 325AD, many elements of Roman and Greek mythology were adapted and modified to fit the newly accepted Christian religion. Rather than trying to abolish the well-established pagan holidays and practices, the Roman emperor Constantine chose to “Christianize” them by creating Christian observances to coincide with them. The pagan origins of these special days have been essentially ignored or forgotten by all but the historians. These holidays are now observed with their relative significance to modern society and nothing more.

Time for a Break
Almost every month has at least one day set aside as a day of respite. In the United States, there are ten “legal holidays” given for Federal employees: “Federal law (5 U.S.C. 6103) establishes the following public holidays for Federal employees. Please note that most Federal employees work on a Monday through Friday schedule. For these employees, when a holiday falls on a nonworkday -Saturday or Sunday -- the holiday usually is observed on Monday (if the holiday falls on Sunday) or Friday (if the holiday falls on Saturday).” http://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/snow-dismissal-procedures/federalholidays/#url=2014 Wednesday, January 1 Monday, January 20 Monday, February 17 Monday, May 26 Friday, July 4 Monday, September 1 Monday, October 13 Tuesday, November 11 Thursday, November 27 Thursday, December 25 New Year’s Day Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr. Washington’s Birthday Memorial Day Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day

In addition to these federally recognized holidays, there are also many days throughout the year that have been designated by Presidential Proclamation. A Presidential Proclamation is a statement issued by a President on a matter of public policy. They are generally defined as, “…a written or printed document in which are contained such matters, issued by proper authority; as the president's proclamation…” www.lectlaw.com

10

The Presidential Proclamation does not have the force of law, unless authorized by Congress. Congress must pass an act to make a holiday official. However, even though a Presidential Proclamation is only ceremonial, it does establish the holiday or special awareness day as such by one of the highest authorities. To have a day designated for the purpose of giving special awareness to a specific cause or issue by Presidential Proclamation is indeed an honor.

11

HOW TO USE THIS BOOK

Fly the Flag Today – On certain days it is especially appropriate to display the U.S. Flag. These days may be holidays or special observance days established by law, Presidential Proclamation, or custom. We have indicated these days with the photograph and message shown here. Government facilities fly the flag every day and the public can display the flag whenever they choose. Flag Etiquette – The Flag of the United States of America should be shown respect at all times. More information can be found here: www.usflag.org/flagetiquette.html www.ushistory.org/betsy/flagetiq.html www.usa-flag-site.org/etiquette.shtml www.heritage-flag.com/heritage_etiquette.htm www.vfw.org/Community/Flag-Education/ www.senate.gov/reference/resources/pdf/RL30243.pdf

Throughout the history of our nation, the flag has evoked intense, sincere feelings of patriotism.
– Jimmy Carter, 39th President of the United States You can take advantage of promotional opportunities by displaying the flag on special days. Doing so creates the perception that we are loyal, trustworthy, dedicated, and committed to the greater good. These are excellent attributes for any company or organization. Even the colors: red, white and blue, when used together, will create this perception. Being patriotic is just good business. We can help. We can provide the United States (and any other country) flag in almost any size, as well as other patriotic promotional products. We can also provide promotional products that are made in the USA.

12

This book is full of ideas for advertising campaigns and promotional programs from our staff. Many of these suggestions are ideas we have used with other clients with great success. Take note whenever you see the light bulb guy shown above.

13

January 2014
Sun Mon Tue 1 Wed 2 Thu 3 Fri 4 Sat

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

Notes:

14

Wednesday, January 1
Day 1 364 Days Remaining New Years Day – This has been celebrated on January 1 in most English-speaking countries since the British calendar act was passed in 1751. Before that it had been observed on March 25. The first time the ball was dropped at Times Square in New York City was in 1908. New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 5:15AM CST, 11:15 UTC.

15

It is a good idea to plan your advertising and promotions for the entire year in advance. To conduct an effective campaign or program can require months of planning and preparation. We will be glad to meet with you to brainstorm ideas. Together, we can make this your best year ever. Contact us today for a free, no-obligation consultation!

Tournament of Roses Parade – The first rose parade, with horse-drawn carriages decorated with flowers, was in Pasadena, California in 1890. If January 1 is on a Sunday, then the parade is held on January 2. www.tournamentofroses.com Baby-Boomer Day – From 1946 to 1964, more than 76 million babies were born in the United States. www.bbhq.com Z Day – People whose (first or last) name starts with 'Z' get to go first for a change! Daydreamers Day – Are you guilty of dreaming during the day? “Daydreaming” is an altered state of consciousness. Highly creative people (about four percent of the population) spend more than half of their conscious time daydreaming. Psychologists consider daydreaming to be a positive activity. It can help you deal with guilt or anxiety, reduce tension, escape from intolerable situations, combat boredom, and process information into long term memory. Buckle Up Day – The first mandatory seat belt law went into effect in New York in 1985. Wearing a seat belt keeps the occupant from continuing in motion when the vehicle suddenly slows down or stops, such as in an accident. The driver is able to maintain more control of the vehicle during quick and sudden maneuvers, if he or she is wearing a seat belt. Bottom line: Seat belts save lives! Make it a new year resolution for all occupants to be wearing their seat belts before the vehicle starts to move.

16

Ellis Island Day – Ellis Island started processing immigrants in 1892. http://ellisisland.org
Photo: LIFE

Photo: National Park Service

Betsy Ross Day – Birthday of Elizabeth (Betsy) Ross (January 1, 1752 – January 30, 1836), the seamstress responsible for crafting one of the first American flags. Although she was known to make flags for fifty years, there is no conclusive proof that she made the original stars and stripes. The design that is most attributed to her, with the stars arranged in a circle, did not begin to appear until the early 1790’s. www.ushistory.org/betsy http://www.nps.gov/history/history/online_books/flag/h_doc_100-247/sec1.htm

17

Paul Revere Day – Birthday of Paul Revere (January 1, 1735 – May 10, 1818), a Boston silversmith made famous by Longfellow's poem, The Midnight Ride of Paul Revere. www.paulreverehouse.org Income Tax Day – With the Revenue Act of 1861, taxes were collected based on income starting in 1862. This tax revenue was used to finance the Civil War, which lasted for four years and cost approximately $2.5 million per day. www.irs.gov Traveler's Check Day – The first traveler's checks were issued in London in 1772 by the London Exchange Banking Company.
Photo: Paul Revere Statue in front of Old North Church Courtesy of National Park Service

Thursday, January 2
Day 2 363 Days Remaining Quadrantids Meteor Shower – The Quadrantids are an above average shower, with up to 40 meteors per hour at their peak. The shower usually peaks on the evening of January 2 and the early morning of January 3, but some meteors can be visible from January 1 – 5. The near last quarter moon will hide many of the fainter meteors with its glare. Best viewing will be from a dark location after midnight. Look for meteors radiating from the constellation Bootes. Run up the Flagpole and See if Anyone Salutes Day – This is an expression, which means to float an idea to see what people think, or if they notice. The expression is commonly used in advertising and print media. Positive Postcard Day – Send an encouraging postcard to a friend who may be suffering from post-holiday blues. Thrift with Flair Day – Shop at your local thrift store. You might be surprised to find some real bargains. www.goodwill.org Fairmount Park Bridge Day – The first wire suspension bridge in the United States opened in Fairmount, Pennsylvania in 1842. 18

www.workshopoftheworld.com/fairmount_park/fairmount_park.html Science Fiction Day – Birthday of science fiction author Isaac Asimov (January 2, 1920 – April 6, 1992). www.asimovonline.com 55 mph Speed Limit – The National Maximum Speed Law was a provision of the 1974 Emergency Highway Energy Conservation Act. It was meant to conserve fuel and save lives, which it did. However, the states disliked this federal intrusion. The law was modified in 1987 and 1988 to allow the speed limit to be raised to 65 mph on rural roads. Congress finally repealed the law in 1995, returning control to the individual state governments. The lower speed limit didn’t save as much fuel as expected, partly do to the fact that automobiles produced prior to 1975 were geared for maximum efficiency at speeds closer to 70 mph. Cars manufactured after 1975 were geared to maximize fuel usage at 55 mph, the specific gear being called “overdrive.” Even though the speed limit is considerably higher today, most drivers will realize better fuel economy at lower speeds. www.commondreams.org/headlines05/0501-01.htm Tournament of Roses Parade – In years when the first falls on a Sunday, the parade is held on the second. www.tournamentofroses.com Georgia Admission Day – Georgia became the fourth state in 1788. http://ourgeorgiahistory.com

Friday, January 3
Day 3 362 Days Remaining Drinking Straw Day – In 1888, Marvin Stone patented the spiral winding process to manufacture the first paper drinking straws. His straw design was 8 ½ inches long and made from paraffin-coated manila paper. http://inventors.about.com/od/sstartinventions/a/History-Of-Drinking-Straws.htm

19

Silly Putty® Day – Silly Putty® was created by accident in 1943 by James Wright, an engineer with General Electric, who was trying to create a synthetic rubber for the U.S. Army. It was introduced to the toy market in 1950 by Peter Hodgson, an advertising copywriter turned entrepreneur. The trade name is now owned by Crayola. http://web.mit.edu/invent/iow/sillyputty.html

Silly Putty® is a great promotional item to use in any program focused on families or children. It can also be used to occupy children’s attention in a constructive manner. If you need to distract children while you conduct business with the parents, this is a great toy/tool to keep them occupied for an extended period of time. And they get to keep it and take it home! The kids are happy, which makes the parents happy. We can imprint your logo and/or advertising message on the outside of the egg-shaped container, reinforcing your brand and creating goodwill with your customers and clients.

Silly Putty® is not just for kids. It can also be a great tool for stimulating creative thought.

20

• • •

Give it to every attendee at a creativity workshop. Turn a boring board meeting into a stimulating and cooperative exchange of thoughts and ideas. Children are the most creative thinkers. Encourage everyone to “think like a kid again.”

One of the fun things you can do with it is to “copy” printing off of paper. This works especially well with newspaper print (and paper currency). Use this product as part of an advertising or promotion program. Here are some sample program themes: • “Often copied, but never duplicated.” • “Expanding Our Reach.” • “Making a Good Impression.” • “Stretching Our (Resources, Money, Buying Power, etc.)” If you work with both children and adults, as in the two scenarios cited above, then this product can fill both needs. Ask us for a free sample of this product and get your creative juices flowing!

Festival of Sleep Day www.sleepfoundation.org Fruitcake Toss Day – If you haven’t eaten it by now, you probably never will. Toss it. National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day Brooklyn Bridge Day – Work began on the bridge in 1870. www.nyc.gov/html/dot//html//bridges/brooklyn_bridge.shtml Missing Persons Day – New York television broadcast the first missing persons report on this day in 1943. www.missingkids.com The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Humiliation Day – Humiliation can be quite humbling. National Write to Congress Day www.congressmerge.com Alaska Admission Day – Alaska became the 49th state in 1959. It was purchased from Russia in 1867, and organized as a territory in 1912. www.alaskahistoricalsociety.org www.akhistorycourse.org

21

Saturday, January 4
Day 4 361 Days Remaining Trivia Day – Learn a bit of trivia to use in a conversation today. www.funtrivia.com Spaghetti Day – Originating from Italy, this thin string-like pasta started being served in American restaurants around the end of the 19th century. Blender Day – In 1910 Fred Osius, L.H. Hamilton and Chester Beach started the Hamilton Beach Manufacturing Co. and received a patent for the blender, the first motordriven kitchen appliance. www.angelfire.com/ns2/mixerhistory First Bank Day – The Bank of North America opened on this day in 1782. It was the first commercial bank in the U.S. http://blog.wellsfargo.com/guidedbyhistory/2010/04/bank_of_north_america.html Louis Braille Day – Birthday of Louis Braille (January 4, 1809 – January 6, 1852). An accident at the age of three caused Braille to lose his eyesight. He attended a school for the blind where he invented the tactile alphabet at the age of fifteen. He later became a teacher at the same school. The Braille alphabet did not receive widespread usage until after its creator’s death. www.afb.org/louisbraillemuseum American Foundation for the Blind Appendectomy Day – The first appendectomy was performed in 1885 in Iowa by Dr. William Grant. Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton Feast Day – Birthday of Elizabeth Ann Seton (August 28, 1774 – January 4, 1821). The only recognized saint born in the U.S. She is the patron saint of seriously ill children, in-law problems, orphans, and lapsed Catholics. www.setonheritage.org www.catholic.org/saints/saint.php?saint_id=180 www.elizabethannseton.org Utah Admission Day – Utah became the 45th state on this day in 1896. http://history.utah.gov

22

Sunday, January 5
Day 5 Epiphany Get on the Computer Day FM Radio Day – The first FM (Frequency Modulation) radio broadcast took place on this day in 1940. National Second-Hand Wardrobe Day Can Opener Birthday – Tin cans were developed in 1813 as a way to store and preserve food. But for several years there was not an easy way to open the metal can. A U.S. patent was issued in 1858 to Ezra J. Warner of Connecticut for a hand-operated can opener. National Bird Day – A day established to emphasize the plight of captive birds and draw attention to the exploitation of birds in the U.S. pet industry. Organizers suggest we reflect upon the conditions of birds held in captivity. www.nationalbirdday.com Divorce Day – The first legal divorce in North America was granted to Anne Clark in 1643. Marital divorce can have serious emotional, physical, legal, and financial consequences on the entire family, especially the children. www.divorce360.com 360 Days Remaining

Monday, January 6
Day 6 359 Days Remaining Cuddle Up Day – It’s cold outside, so here’s your excuse to cuddle up. Feast of the Epiphany (aka Three Kings Day) – According to legend, Caspar, Melchior and Balthasar were the three kings (also known as the Three Wise Men) who saw the star

23

over Bethlem when Christ was born. They followed it to find the Christ child on January 6th. They brought the Christ child gold, frankincense and myrrh. In actuality, the Bible does not say how many wise men came from the east, only that they were more than one (plural). Because there are three gifts mentioned in the Bible, it has been assumed that there were three wise men, each with a gift to present to the Christ child. Birthday of Saint Joan of Arc – Joan of Arc (January 6, 1412 – May 30, 1431) is a Roman Catholic Saint and one of the patron saints of France. At age 19 she was burned at the stake for heresy. www.stjoan-center.com Saint Joan of Arc Center Sherlock Holmes Day – Sherlock Holmes is a fictional detective created by author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The first story about Holmes was published in 1887. www.sherlockian.net Bean Day – Many farming communities celebrate the harvest of the bean crop around this time of the year. There is no fixed day to celebrate it. Some celebrate on January 5th. In the year 2003, John Hoeven, the Governor of North Dakota announced November 3rd as Bean Day. North Dakota is known to have a huge production of dry beans. However, Garrison, North Dakota celebrates its Bean Day on April 15th. This day has been chosen because it is believed that after people pay their taxes they have to eat beans for some time. Every year, in the beginning of October in Alabama and Athens, a Bean Day dinner is held by the Fire Department so that the money collected goes towards charity. About 3,000 people are fed on this day. Many people still do not agree with the date of the Bean Day celebration. There is a disagreement between the 5th and 6th of January. For both these days which are celebrated as Bean Day, there are two separate organizational precedents. In Minnesota, the Northharvest Bean growers Association of Minnesota have been celebrating the Bean Day in the month of January since 1975. This day is celebrated in the third week of January. An annual meeting is held by the Nebraska Dry Bean Growers Association on the “Bean Day”. National Smith Day – There are more than 2.3 million families with Smith (or its variants) as a last name. www.clansmithsociety.org www.ancestry.com Telegraph Day – Samuel Morse first demonstrated the telegraph in 1838. www.samuelmorse.net New Mexico Admission Day - New Mexico became the 47th state in 1912.

24

www.newmexicohistory.org

Tuesday, January 7
Day 7 358 Days Remaining I'm Not Going to Take it Anymore Day Really Long Distance Day – The first transatlantic telephone service was started between New York and London in 1927. It cost $75 for a five minute call. Rampant Inflation Day - The cost of a U.S. postage stamp went from five cents to six cents in 1968. www.usps.com Old Rock Day First Balloon Flight across the English Channel – This took place on this day in 1785.

Balloons are fun. That explains why they are so popular. They're so much fun, that they transcend age, gender, and virtually all other demographic boundaries. Kids love them. So do adults. They are probably one of the most versatile promotional products available. Children love balloons. And, surprisingly, children have a profound affect on their parents' buying decisions. According to a recent survey published in USA Today: • 74% of kids help decide leisure activities • 52% where to vacation • 78% fast-food restaurants • 55% full-service restaurants • 31% which brand of food to buy • 79% which TV shows to watch • 14% what kind of car the family buys 25

Interestingly, the higher the parents' income and the more educated they are, the more say their children have in family decisions. If your business is such that your customers usually have their children with them, then it would be smart not to ignore the little darlings. They can be your best friend and ally, or your worst enemy to making a sale. Balloons are safe. At least, no one has ever been seriously injured by getting bumped in the head with one. Just keep them away from infants (under 2 years old), unless the parent can supervise. Give a kid a balloon, and they'll be happy and content for at least a little while. Or, make it a happy parting gift, with the little tike having the joy of choosing the color or style. Balloons are festive. When people see a bunch of balloons, the usual response is to ask, “Where's the party?” Balloons are the unofficial symbol of celebration. They are standard protocol for grand openings, birthdays, anniversaries, and inaugurals. Balloons are a cheap and easy way to turn any promotional event into a celebration. Balloons are a creative way to communicate your message. Since they are small and lightweight, they can be mailed in a standard envelope with a letter, without incurring additional postage. (Just be sure that the balloon is positioned inside the folded letter, so it will nott jam the Postal Service's automated handling equipment.) An invitation imprinted on a balloon is sure to get noticed. In fact, any message imprinted on a balloon is going to get additional attention. Announce a sale, a board meeting, a seminar or training session, a promotion, an added employee benefit, a new product or service, you name it! Recently, a client of ours used balloons to announce that their company had just won a major contract. They were mailed out to every employee and to all the stockholders. The resulting boost in company pride was very evident. Balloons are cheap (especially when you purchase them from us!). They can be used indiscriminately, without too much concern for their cost. And the more balloons you use, the better! A tank of helium can be kept on hand to produce an instant bouquet of bouncing balloons whenever the opportunity arises (no pun intended). Just give us a call, and we can recommend some convenient sources. Here are a few more possible uses for balloons:

26

Restaurants can use balloons imprinted with the children's menu on one side, and the name of the restaurant on the other. Filled with helium, the balloon's string can be taped to the table, or tied in a loop to go around the child's wrist. An alternative to using helium is a pair of cardboard feet through which the neck of the balloon is pulled through and attached. A few facial features are added to the imprint to create a clown character or an animal. Introduce a new product or service. Here are some possible captions: • “High Volume Pricing” • “Service worth Celebrating” • “Fun for the whole Family” • “We Promise High-Flying Results” • “A Blow-out Sale” • “Pop in for a Test Drive” • “We're Expanding” • “Grow with Us” Use a balloon as a coupon or token. Combined with a theme promotion, the coupon can be redeemed for a discount on purchase, free purchase, free gift, buy one - get one free, etc. A dotted line box can be placed around the imprint for added effect. A balloon makes a great admission ticket Distribute in advance for a seminar or training camp. This lets the person know that this meeting is going to be fun and exciting. Same thing goes for an open house invite.

27

Don't forget what balloons do best: Decorate! You don't have to be a professional “balloon artist” to create a promotional sensation. A product that is especially useful is called the Balloon Decorating Strip. This versatile, transparent tape makes it easy to create dramatic balloon presentations. Contact us to receive a free sample and idea sheet. Some time ago, one of my clients used this product to create two spiraling green and gold balloon towers to draw attention to their booth at a heavily-attended event. The results were overwhelming! The towers were easy to spot, so no one had any difficulty finding the booth, even from across a crowded room. Balloons come in a wide variety of shapes, sizes, and colors. Here are a few of the more exceptional choices available: • A round balloon shaped like a tire with a hole in the center. Or is it a donut? A bagel? A zero, as in “zero interest” or “zero money down?” • An “Earth” balloon with a 360° imprint depicting the continents of the world. This would be great for a travel agency, international trade, “best in the world” theme, etc. • A heart-shaped balloon is the perfect choice for a dating service, a blood bank, a hospital or clinic, or any business that wants to tell their customers that they're “All Heart!” • Bigger really is better! Giant round balloons are available in three feet, four feet, and five feet diameters.

28

•

The new mylar balloons provide even more choices, and have longer flying times than the regular latex balloons.

As a final note, we highly encourage our clients to consider using balloons as a standard promotional item. Actually, they are so cheap, that we do not make much on the order. But, because they are so versatile, we think balloons are a great promotional idea!

Birthday of President Millard Fillmore – Millard Fillmore (January 7, 1800 – March 8, 1874) was the thirteenth president. He was Zachary Taylor’s Vice President, so he assumed the office of President after Taylor’s death on July 9, 1850. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents

Photo: Library of Congress

Wednesday, January 8
Day 8 357 Days Remaining Bubble Bath Day – According to the Online Etymology Dictionary the first written record of the phrase 'bubble bath' was in 1949. National English Toffee Day Milk Carton Day – Milk was first packaged for sale in cartons in 1929. Male Watcher Day Around the World Day – The earth's rotation on its axis was proved in 1851 by French physicist Jean Foucault.

29

It All Adds Up Day – The tabulating machine was patented by Dr. Herman Hollerith on this day in 1889. Rock and Roll Day – Elvis Presley was born on this day in 1935. www.elvis.com Photo: LIFE

Thursday, January 9
Day 9 Stepfather's Day Organize Your Home Day - The first step to organizing is to unclutter. You can't have everything in its place if there isn't a place for everything. https://sites.google.com/site/clutterersanonymous/ Clutterers Anonymous Word Nerd Day Play God Day Dear Abby – This advice column was published for the first time on this day in 1956. Abigail Van Buren was the pen name created by Pauline Phillips and is now owned and used by her daughter, Jeanne Phillips. Pauline’s twin sister, Esther “Eppie” Lederer, wrote a similar advice column, Ask Ann Landers, from 1955 until shortly after her death in 2002. www.DearAbby.com
Photo: Ann Landers LIFE

356 Days Remaining

Gilligan Day – Birthday of actor Robert Osbourne “Bob” Denver (January 9, 1935 – September 2, 2005). Denver played the gullible and clumsy Gilligan on the television sitcom Gilligan's Island, which ran for three seasons on the CBS network (September 26, 1964 to September 4, 1967). www.gilligansisle.com www.bobdenver.com Rape Survivor Day www.theforensicnurse.com/What_to_say_to_a_rape_survivor.cfm www.dancinginthedarkness.com

30

Connecticut Admission Day – Connecticut became the fifth state in 1788. www.cthistoryonline.org http://connecticuthistory.org Birthday of President Richard Nixon – Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the thirty-seventh president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents http://nixonfoundation.org/ http://www.nixonlibrary.gov/

Photo: NARA National Archives and Records Administration

Friday, January 10
Day 10 355 Days Remaining Houseplant Appreciation Day – Having a living plant indoors has been proven to be beneficial to the human emotional state. Peculiar People Day www.nationalwhateverday.com/whatever-days/january/peculiar-people-day Where's the Beef? Day – The first time Wendy's used their famous slogan was on this day in 1984. www.wendys.com 45-RPM Day – In an attempt to attain position and dominate the phonograph market, RCA Victor introduced a seven-inch phonograph record on this day in 1949. This new format was played back at 45 RPM (Revolutions Per Minute) and had a playing time of up to eight minutes per side. This short playing time only allowed for mostly short recordings or individual songs, which made it the preferred format for releasing a new song as a “single.” This format co-existed with its larger cousin, the twelve-inch LP (Long Playing) 33-1/3 RPM record or “album” (called such because it can hold multiple songs). Phonograph records left the mainstream in 1991 with the introduction of digital media, specifically the CD (Compact Disk). However, they have recently started regaining popularity. They are especially used by DJs (Disk Jockeys, a term referring to a person playing a phonograph record or disk) and audiophiles. Records continue to be manufactured and distributed. www.45-rpm.com

31

www.history-of-rock.com/record_formats.htm Unicycle Day – John Severin set a new hundred-mile unicycle speed record of 9 hours and 21 minutes on this day in 1981. www.unicyclist.com www.unicycling.com National Cut Your Energy Costs Day http://ase.org Alliance to Save Energy www.inc.com/ss/9-ways-cut-energy-costs 9 ways to cut energy costs

Saturday, January 11
Day 11 354 Days Remaining Amelia Earhart Day January 11, 1935 was the historic day when Amelia Earhart became the first person (of either gender) to fly solo crossing the Pacific Ocean. Another popular flight was her solo flight across the Atlantic at a stretch on May 20-21, 1932 which made her the first woman to accomplish this feat. Recognizing the great accomplishments of Amelia Earhart, the Congress, by joint resolution, called upon President Ronald Reagan to proclaim May 20, 1982, as “Amelia Earhart Day.” Amelia Earhart is the most acclaimed female aviator in the history of aviation and was one of the most popular women of her time. She established several aviation records, which include becoming the first woman to fly across the Atlantic as a passenger in 1928, the first woman (and second person after Lindbergh) to solo fly the Atlantic in 1932, and the first person to fly solo across the Pacific, from Honolulu, Hawaii, to Oakland, California, in the year 1935.
Photo: Library of Congress

Amelia Earhart was a modern woman with immense courage and independency, and manifested a strong social conscience during her time. She had been instrumental in fighting for international peace, equality for women, the involvement of women in aviation, and the competition of commercial aviation.

32

On July 2, 1937, after successfully finishing 22,000 miles of the journey, she took off from Lae, New Guinea, some 18 hours and 2,556 mile across the ocean to Howland Island. When the plane was about to approach its destination, Earhart reported that she thought she was flying over Howland, but couldn't see it below. She was lost and confused, with her plane short of fuel, she asked for help by radio to the tiny island. She lost radio communications and the cutter's radio operators could not reestablish communication with her. A comprehensive air, land, and sea search for almost two weeks failed to find any trace of the world’s most famous and daring female pilot, her navigator, or their plane. A major motion picture, Amelia, was released in 2009 by Fox Searchlight Pictures, staring Hilary Swank in the title role. www.ameliaearhart.com Thank You Card Day Jump in a Puddle and Splash Someone Day Milk in a Bottle Day – On this day in 1878 milk was delivered in bottles for the first time. Rhubarb Day – Reportedly, Benjamin Franklin shipped the first known shipment of rhubarb from London, England to a friend in the colonies in 1770. www.rhubarbinfo.com

Designated Hitter Day – The American Baseball League adopted the “designated hitter” rule in 1973. www.ablonline.org American Baseball League Smoking is Bad for You Day – The U.S. Surgeon General officially declared cigarettes to be hazardous to our health in 1964. www.cancer.org American Cancer Society Tattoo Pride Day www.tattoo.com

Sunday, January 12
Day 12 353 Days Remaining

33

Roller Skating Day Museum Day – The first public museum opened in Charleston, South Carolina in 1773. National Pharmacist Day www.pharmacist.com American Pharmacists Association. Joe Frazier Day – Birthday of champion heavyweight boxer “Smokin’ Joe Frazier” (January 12, 1944 – November 7, 2011). www.joefrazier.com Feast of Fabulous Wild Men Day

Monday, January 13
Day 13 352 Days Remaining Make Your Dream Come True Day – “Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.” – Napoleon Hill Dinner Day – Celebrate by going out to dinner or preparing dinner at home. www.beefitswhatsfordinner.com Cattlemen’s Beef Board Turn Your Radio On Day - The first radio broadcast was in 1910. Accordion Day - The accordion was patented in 1854 by Anthony Faas of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. International Skeptics Day – This is also listed as October 13th or the first Friday the 13th of the year. Lighter Car Day – In 1942, Henry Ford patented a design for a lighter weight plasticbodied automobile. www.thehenryford.org Secret Pal Day (second Sunday)

34

Tuesday, January 14
Day 14 351 Days Remaining National Dress Up Your Pet Day Assembly Line Worker's Day C-Section Day – In 1794, Dr. Jesse Bennett performed the first successful Cesarean Section (on his wife). Ratification Day – The Revolutionary War ended on this day in 1784 with the ratification of a Treaty establishing the U.S. as a sovereign entity. National Clean off Your Desk Day (second Monday) - See OnlineOrganizing.com. www.lifeorganizers.com

Wednesday, January 15
Day 15 350 Days Remaining Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr. – King (January 15, 1929 – April 4, 1968) was born Michael Luther King, Jr., but later had his name changed to Martin. The holiday that honors him is observed on the third Monday. www.thekingcenter.org National Hat Day Strawberry Ice Cream Day National Fresh Squeezed Juice Day Basketball Day - On this day in 1892, the rules of basketball were first published in Springfield, Massachusetts.

35

Full Moon – The Moon will be directly opposite the Earth from the Sun and will be fully illuminated as seen from Earth. This phase occurs at 10:53PM CST (January 16, 04:52 UTC). This full moon was known by early Native American tribes as the “Full Wolf Moon” because this was the time of year when hungry wolf packs howled outside their camps. This moon has also been known as the “Old Moon” and the “Moon After Yule.” http://www.moonconnection.com/moon-january2014.phtml First Super Bowl Anniversary – The first Super Bowl game was played on this day in 1967. The Green Bay Packers beat the Kansas City Chiefs. Super Bowl XLVII (47th) will be played this year on February 3 in New Orleans, Louisiana. www.neworleanssuperbowl.com Willie Hoppe Day - On this day in 1906, 18-year old Willie Hoppe won his first world billiard championship. 4-H Anniversary Day – 4-H started in 1902. www.4-h.org Happy Day – The TV show Happy Days premiered in 1974. www.sitcomsonline.com/happydays.html www.tv.com/shows/happy-days/

Thursday, January 16
Day 16 349 Days Remaining Tu BiShvat – A minor Jewish holiday: New Year for Trees. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 National Nothing Day – This day is very easy to celebrate. It is a day to do nothing! Appreciate a Dragon Day Everett Barney Day – On this day in 1866 Everett Barney was awarded a patent for a roller skate that clamped on the sole of your shoes and was tightened with a key.

36

Fig Newton Day – Newtons are now available in several varieties, with other fruit fillings besides fig. Inflatable Tire Day - The birthday of Andre Michelin (January 16, 1853 – April 4, 1931) who invented the inflatable auto tire. National Religious Freedom Day - On this day in 1786 Thomas Jefferson's Statute for Religious Freedom was adopted by the Virginia General Assembly. This statute formed the basis for separation of church and state that gave freedom of religion to all Americans. This day has been recognized by presidential proclamation.

Friday, January 17
Day 17 348 Days Remaining Forget Your New Year's Resolution Day Golf Day www.golf.com Photo Developing Day - An automatic film-developing machine was patented by Anatol M. Josepho in 1925. Shari Lewis Day – Shari Lewis was born Sonia Phyllis Hurwitz (January 17, 1933 – August 2, 1998) in New York City. She was a puppeteer, ventriloquist and author. She is most remembered for her puppet “Lamb Chop.” She won a dozen Emmys, a Peabody, seven Parents’ Choice Awards, and numerous other awards for children’s programs. Birthday of Cassius Clay (aka Muhammad Ali) – Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr. (January 17, 1942) is a boxer who later took the name Muhammad Ali. He won the heavyweight champion title in 1964, 1974, 1978. Many people do not know that he recorded a pretty good version of Ben E. King’s “Stand By Me” in 1966. www.ali.com
Photos: LIFE

Rid the World of Fad Diets and Gimmicks Day

37

www.hungryforchange.tv Cable Car Day - A cable car system was patented by Andrew S. Hallidie of San Francisco, California. It was put into operation in 1873. www.cablecarmuseum.org Customer Service Day J.C. Penney Birthday - J.C. Penney Company was incorporated on this day in 1913. www.jcpenny.com Operation Desert Storm Anniversary – Operation Desert Storm (code name, part of the Persiam Gulf War which began on August 2, 1990 and continued until February 28, 1991) began on January 17, 1991 and continued until February 28, 1991. A U.N.-authorized coalition force from 34 nations led by the United States acted in response to Iraq's invasion and annexation of Kuwait. Had Iraq been successful in keeping Kuwait, and its oil-exportation ports on the Persian Gulf, they would have controlled one-fourth of the world’s oil supply. www.ushistory.org/us/60a.asp Saint Anthony the Great Feast Day - Saint Anthony the Great lived from 251 - 356. He is called on for help against infectious diseases, especially skin diseases.

Benjamin Franklin’s Birthday – Franklin (January 17, 1706 – April 17, 1790) was one of our nation’s Founding Fathers. Not only was he a political figure but he invented bifocals, the lightening rod, the Franklin stove, and many other useful things. www.fi.edu The Franklin Institute Florida Arbor Day (third Friday) Hat Day (third Friday)

Saturday, January 18
Day 18 347 Days Remaining

38

Winnie-the-Pooh Day - Alan Alexander 'A.A.' Milne was born on this day in 1882. He is best remembered as the author of Winnie-the-Pooh. Tell the Truth Day - The modern polygraph was invented in 1951. Thesaurus Day - Peter Mark Roget (January 18, 1779 – September 12, 1869) was a physician and inventor but is best remembered for compiling a thesaurus. Unsliced Bread Day - From this day in 1943 until the end of WWII, commercial bakers sold whole loaves of bread only and the consumer had to slice it. Metric System Day Bald Eagle Appreciation Days – (third weekend) Get more info at the Keokuk, Iowa website. The American Bald Eagle is our national bird. www.keokukiowatourism.org/eagledays.htm Learn to Ski Day (third Saturday)

Sunday, January 19
Day 19 346 Days Remaining America’s Sunday Supper – Inspired by Dr. King’s vision of people of diverse backgrounds interacting on personal levels, America’s Sunday Supper encourages people to share a meal and discuss issues that affect their communities, to increase racial and cultural understanding. Points of Light provides toolkits, films, conversation starters and incentives to help individuals and groups organize Sunday Suppers and service projects. www.pointsoflight.org/mlk/host-americas-sunday-supper www.handsonnetwork.org/events/mlk/americas-sunday-supper https://www.facebook.com/events/143521502369602/ National Popcorn Day Whisper "I Love You" Day Puzzle Day Tin Can Day - Tin cans were patented in 1825. Neon Sign Day - The neon tube sign was patented by George Claude of Paris in 1915.

39

Edgar Allen Poe Day – Poe (January 19, 1809 – October 7, 1849) was an author, poet, editor and literary critic. www.poemuseum.org Edgar Allan Poe Museum in Richmond, Virginia www.eapoe.org Edgar Allan Poe Society of Baltimore

Birthday of Robert E. Lee – Robert Edward Lee (January 19, 1807 – October 12, 1870) was a general in the Confederate Army. http://www.civilwar.org/education/history/biographies/robert-e-lee.html http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/features/biography/grant-lee/ National Sanctity of Human Life Day – (3rd Sunday) This day has been recognized as such by presidential proclamation.

Monday, January 20
Day 20 345 Days Remaining Martin Luther King, Jr. Day – King was born on January 15, but the national holiday is observed on the third Monday. After a long struggle, legislation was signed in 1983 creating a federal holiday marking the birthday of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. This day has been recognized by presidential proclamation. www.thekingcenter.org Martin Luther King, Jr. Day of Service 2014 – In 1994, Congress designated the Martin Luther King Jr. Federal Holiday as a national day of service and charged the 40

Corporation for National and Community Service with leading this effort. Taking place each year on the third Monday in January, the MLK Day of Service is the only federal holiday observed as a national day of service – a “day on, not a day off.” The MLK Day of Service is a part of United We Serve, the President's national call to service initiative. It calls for Americans from all walks of life to work together to provide solutions to our most pressing national problems. The MLK Day of Service empowers individuals, strengthens communities, bridges barriers, creates solutions to social problems, and moves us closer to Dr. King’s vision of a beloved community. www.pointsoflight.org/mlk www.pointsoflight.org/signature-events/martin-luther-king-jr-day-service http://mlkday.gov/about/serveonkingday.php National Cheese Lover's Day National Buttercrunch Day Camcorder Day – The camcorder was invented in 1982. Penguin Awareness Day Stay Young Forever Day Stop! Yield! Day - The first traffic rules were published on this day in 1900.

Tuesday, January 21
Day 21 344 Days Remaining Ethan Allen Day – He was a Revolutionary War hero. Because of some confusion between the Julian and Gregorian calendars, some sources cite January 10, 1737 as his date of birth (this is according to the Julian calendar). His actual date of birth according to our calendar (the Gregorian) is January 21, 1738. www.ethanallenhomestead.org National Hugging Day – The first celebration of this day was in 1986 in Caro, Michigan. It was started by the Reverend Kevin Zaborney. This day is now also being celebrated in Canada, England, Australia, Poland and Germany. Granola Bar Day

41

John Moses Browning Day - Browning, born on this day in 1855, invented the single shot rifle and automatic pistol. Squirrel Appreciation Day - Christy Hargrove from Asheville, North Carolina started this day on January 21, 2001. Christy, a wildlife rehabilitator, is affiliated with the Western North Carolina Nature Center. Birthday of Stonewall Jackson - This Confederate general, known for tactics, was born in 1824. His death was a major setback for the Confederacy. www.stonewalljackson.org www.nps.gov/frsp/js.htm Concorde Day – The first flight service, using the supersonic commercial passenger aircraft, occurred on this day in 1976. Commercial flights continued for 27 years, until the Concorde was retired in 2003 due to mostly economic reasons.

Wednesday, January 22
Day 22 343 Days Remaining National Blonde Brownie Day www.cooks.com National Polka Dot Day Talk to Your Cat Day Come in From the Cold Day Celebration of Life Day - Be thankful your mother chose life. Speak Up and Succeed Day Lord Byron Day – Birthday of poet George Gordon Noel Byron (January 22, 1788 – April 19, 1824). He was the sixth Baron Byron.

42

Thursday, January 23
Day 23 342 Days Remaining Frisbee® Day – The Frisbie Pie Company opened in Bridgeport, Connecticut in 1871. Students from nearby universities would have fun throwing the empty pie tins to each other. In 1948, Walter Fredrick Morrison and his partner Warren Franscioni created a plastic version of the flying disc. In 1955, Morrison sold his idea to the WHAM-O company for $1 million. It was first called the “Pluto Platter” in an attempt to capitalize on the public craze over UFOs (Unidentified Flying Objects). WHAM-O started production of the flying disc on this day in 1957. A year later, the name was changed to “Frisbee®.” www.frisbeedisc.com

A Flying Disk (the generic name for the product mentioned above) has many business promotion uses: • It holds a standard eightinch paper plate perfectly, making it great for company picnics and other outdoor events where food is served. The flying disk is kept as a souvenir of the event. • It’s possible to mail a flying disk through the U.S. Postal Service. We can imprint a promotional message on the disk. Then we place a paper insert on the underside of the disk for addressing

43

• • • •

and affixing postage. This is one piece of mail that will definitely get noticed (and read)! A flying disk can be used as a unique and fun serving dish or food plate. Use it for seminars and workshops to reinforce a “fun” theme. Use it as an effective memo – “Get back to us on this.” Use it as an invitation to a fun company event, or to liven up a boring event. Use it as packaging for a T-shirt, CDs, literature, etc. Insert items, then apply shrink-wrap or place inside a plastic open-mesh bag.

There are many more promotional uses for a Flying Disk. And they are very affordable, which makes this a great promotional idea!

Pie Day - Pie Day was created by the American Pie Council. It started in 1986 to commemorate Crisco's 75th anniversary of "serving foods to families everywhere." National Handwriting Day – Started in 1977 by the Writing Instrument Manufacturers Association to promote good penmanship. January 23rd was chosen for this day because it is the birthday of John Hancock (January 23, 1737 – October 8, 1793). John Hancock was the first person to sign the Declaration of Independence. His signature is the most prominent and expressive on the document. www.johnhancock.org www.ushistory.org/declaration/signers/hancock.htm http://oliverrosenbloom.tripod.com www.history.com/topics/john-hancock www.crfcelebrateamerica.org/index.php/holiday-heroes/86-john-hancock www.wima.org

Birthday of John Hancock – John Hancock (January 23, 1737 – October 8, 1793) was an Amercian patriot, president of the Second Continental Congress and was the first and third Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Measure Your Feet Day Brrr! It's Cold Day - In 1971 the temperature in Prospect Creek Camp, Alaska was 80 degrees below zero Fahrenheit. That is the lowest temperature ever recorded in the United States. Archery Day - The National Archery Association was established in 1879.

44

Women in Medicine Day - In 1849 Elizabeth Blackwell was the first woman in the U.S. to receive a medical degree. Better Business Communication Day Clashing Clothes Day (fourth Thursday) Women's Healthy Weight Day (Thursday of the third full week) – This is part of Healthy Weight Week. www.bodypositive.com

Friday, January 24
Day 24 Belly Laugh Day Compliment Day - This was started in 1998 by authors, Kathy Chamberlin and Debby Hoffman, both of New Hampshire. Microwave Oven Birthday - The microwave oven was patented on this day in 1950 by Percy Spencer. Eskimo Pie Day - The Eskimo Pie was patented by Christian K. Nelson of Iowa in 1922. Birthday of “Betty Marie” “Maria” Tallchief – Tallchief (January 24, 1925) was the first Native American to become prima ballerina. www.greatwomen.org National Women's Hall of Fame. Square Dance Day (also celebrated November 29) www.dosado.com Gold Rush Day - Gold was discovered at Sutters Mill, California in 1848. Heart to Heart Day - The first heart transplant surgery was in 1964. TV Game Show Day - Mark Goodman, long time game show host was born on this day in 1915. 341 Days Remaining

45

Beer Can Appreciation Day - The first canned beer was placed on sale by the Krueger Brewing Company in Richmond, VA in 1935.

Saturday, January 25
Day 25 340 Days Remaining Prime Number Day – The largest known prime number (to date) was discovered on this day in 2013. Curtis Niles Cooper, a professor at the University of Central Missouri – Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, discovered his third Mersenne prime which is two to the 57,885,161th power minus one. The newest prime number contains over seventeen million digits (17,425,170), beating the previously discovered largest known prime number record held since August 23, 2008 (with 12,978,189 digits). The feat was accomplished using the computing power of 360,000 volunteer processors, an Internet searching system called GIMPS (Great Internet Mersenne Prime Search). After Cooper made his discovery, one computer among his prime-searching network spent 39 days to prove that the number was truly prime. http://www.livescience.com/26866-largest-prime-number-discovered.html http://primes.utm.edu/largest.html#Mersenne http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/02/07/math-madness-new-largest-prime-number-is-17million-digits-long/ http://www.mersenne.org National Opposite Day 101 Dalmatians Birthday – Walt Disney’s original 101 Dalmatians movie was released on this day in 1961. Long Distance Day - The first transcontinental phone call was in 1915 between Alexander Graham Bell in New York and his assistant, Thomas Watson, in San Francisco. Wedding March Day - Mendelssohn's Wedding March was used at a wedding for the first time in 1858 for Queen Victoria and the Crown Prince of Prussia. Intravenous Nurse Day Winter Olympics Anniversary - The first Winter Olympics started on this day in 1924. Robert Burns Day - The Scottish poet and lyricist who wrote Auld Lang Syne was born on this day in 1759.

46

Sunday, January 26
Day 26 Spouse's Day National Peanut Brittle Day Television Birthday - The television was invented in 1926. Rocky Mountain National Park Anniversary - On this day in 1915, President Woodrow Wilson signed the bill that created Rocky Mountain National Park. Dental Drill Day - The electric dental drill was patented by Dr. George F. Green of Kalamazoo, Michigan in 1975. Michigan Admission Day - Michigan became the 26th state in 1837. Australia Day – Australia Day, which was earlier known as Foundation Day and Anniversary Day, is certified public day of Australia. It is commemorated yearly on 26th January; the day celebrates the entrance of First Fleet at Sydney Cove in 1788, the lifting of British flag here and the announcement of British rule over eastern seaboard of Australia. The Australia Day is an authorized public holiday in each state and country of Australia. It is marked through Australian of the Year awards and Order of Australia, along with a tackle from Prime Minister. In the year 2004, approximately 7.5 million community presented on Australia Day functions and celebrations. The Australia Day is noticed as touchy through some Australians, mainly historians. And there have been noteworthy protests from Indigenous Australian community. Several Australians see the Australia day as a commemoration of the obliteration of aboriginal culture via British colonialism. Since 1988, "Invasion Day" disapprovals have been detained supporting this observation. Considering these concerns, suggestions to modify the date of Australia Day to new dates have been created. Australia Day History On 13th May 1787, fleet of 11 ships, which is known as First Fleet, was sent through British Admiralty from England to Australia. And Under the rule of Captain Arthur 339 Days Remaining

47

Phillip, the fleet required to set up a severe colony at the Botany Bay on the shore of New South Wales, which had been surveyed by Captain James Cook in 1770. The resolution was observed as needed owing to the thrashing of the colonies in North America. The Fleet entered between 18 and 20 January 1788, although Captain Phillip found Botany Bay inappropriate and on 26th January. He continued 12 kms. Northwards to Port Jackson, which he affirmed "the finest harbor in the world". The 150th anniversary of British resolution in Australia in 1938 was usually celebrated. Preparation started in 1936 with the pattern of Celebrations Council. In that year, New South Wales was the state to discard the customary long weekend and the yearly Anniversary Day communal holiday was celebrated on the genuine anniversary day – Wednesday 26 January. The state government and the commonwealth agreed to merge the collaborations on 26th January as the Australia Day in 1946, though the communal holiday was as an alternative acquired on Monday nearby to the authentic anniversary. In 1988, the collaboration of 200 years as the entrance of First Fleet was prearranged on a big scale, with several noteworthy events arranged in all main cities. Above 2.5 million people concentrated the occasion in Sydney. And theses comprised concerts, street parties, including presentations on the steps and open space of Sydney Opera House and at several other community venues, historic re-enactments, art and literary competitions, and opening of a Powerhouse Museum at its latest place. A re-enactment of the entrance of First Fleet occurred in Sydney Harbor, with ships that had sailed from Portsmouth a year earlier participation. Since 1988 the Australia Day has been commemorated on the concrete day, 26 January. If it falls on a weekend, the civic celebration is on the Monday, but the authorized celebrations still happen on 26 January.

Monday, January 27
Day 27 Chocolate Cake Day Let There Be Light Day - The electric incandescent lamp was patented in 1880 by Thomas Alva Edison of Menlo Park, New Jersey. Punch the Clock Day 338 Days Remaining

48

Birthday of Lewis Carroll - Carroll best known as the author of Alice in Wonderland was born in 1832. His real name was Charles Dodgson. Mozart Day - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, born on this day in 1756, was a musician and composer. National Activity Professionals Day www.thenaap.com The National Association for Activity Professionals National Geographic Day - The National Geographic Society was founded in 1888. www.nationalgeographic.com Holocaust Remembrance Day - This was designated by the United Nations General Assembly in 2005. It is the anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau. Holocaust Memorial Day, also known as Holocaust Remembrance Day, is an official Jewish holiday observed on April 28. http://hmd.org.uk Holocaust Memorial Day Trust Bubble Wrap® Appreciation Day (last Monday) www.fast-pack.com/bubblewrapappreciation.html Elementary School Teacher Day (fourth Monday)

Tuesday, January 28
Day 28 337 Days Remaining National Blueberry Pancake Day Daisy Day National Kazoo Day – This day was started by Paul Newman and Barbara Stewart in 1976. The kazoo is very easy to play. All you do is put it to your lips and hum into it. Alabama Vest of Georgia conceived the idea for the kazoo in the 1840's and had Thaddeus Von Clegg make it to his specifications. Commercial production didn't start until 1912. Make Your Point Day Serendipity Day

49

Number Please Day - The first telephone exchange was established in New Haven, Connecticut in 1878 with twenty-two subscribers. Fun at Work Day Coast Guard Day - The Coast Guard was established in 1915. Christa McAuliffe Day – The space shuttle Challenger exploded 73 seconds after launching in 1986, killing six astronauts and school teacher Christa McAuliffe. McAuliffe had been chosen from thousands of applicants to experience space flight from her unique perspective as an educator.

Wednesday, January 29
Day 29 336 Days Remaining Sugar Cone Day - A machine to make rolled sugar cones for ice cream was patented by Carl R. Taylor of Cleveland, Ohio in 1924. http://whatscookingamerica.net/History/IceCream/IceCreamCone.htm National Corn Chip Day National Jigsaw Puzzle Day Baseball Hall of Fame Day Birthday of Oprah Winfrey – Well-known talk show host, Oprah Winfrey (January 29, 1954) is a well-known television talk show host, actress, producer, and philanthropist. www.oprah.com Seeing Eye Dog Day - The Seeing Eye® was incorporated in 1929 in Nashville, Tennessee to train guide dogs for the blind. www.seeingeye.org The Seeing Eye Freethinkers Day - Thomas Paine was born on this day in 1736. He was the author of The Declaration of Independence and the first to use the phrase 'these United States of America'. He was one of the earliest advocates for freeing slaves and for basic human rights. Kansas Admission Day - Kansas became the 34th state in 1861.

50

Birthday of President William McKinley – William McKinley, Jr. (January 29, 1843 – September 14, 1901) was the twenty-fifth president until he was assassinated. Carnations were McKinley's favorite flower and a patriotic group dedicated to preserving his memory is known as The Carnation League of America. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents www.ohiostatehouse.org

Thursday, January 30
Day 30 335 Days Remaining

New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 3:40PM CST, 21:38 UTC.

Croissant Day

51

Draw a Dinosaur Day http://drawadinosaurday.com Bye Bye Beatles Day – The Beatles rock band made their last public appearance in London on this day in 1969. National Inane Answering Machine Message Day Cash Register Birthday - On this day in 1883 James and John Ritty were granted a patent for a cash register. One purpose was to add sales correctly but the main purpose was to keep the employees in Jame's saloon from stealing profits. The cash drawer couldn't be opened except by pushing the total key. A bell would ring every time the total key was pressed to alert him to watch that the money went in the register and not in the employee's pocket. Lone Ranger Day – The show was on the radio the first time in 1933. There is still a Lone Ranger Fan Club. Walt Disney Pictures has produced a motion picture entitled The Lone Ranger, scheduled for release July 3, 2013. Armie Hammer stars as John Reid/The Lone Ranger and Johnny Depp as his trusty companion, Tonto. www.otr.net/?p=lone www.lonerangerfanclub.com http://disney.go.com/the-lone-ranger Jackhammer Day – The pneumatic jackhammer was patented in 1894 by Charles B. King of Detroit, Michigan. Birthday of President Franklin D. Roosevelt – Franklin Delano Roosevelt (January 30 – April 12, 1945) was the thirty-second president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents

Friday, January 31
Day 31 334 Days Remaining Chinese New Year 2014 – Year of the Horse. Backwards Day Inspire Your Heart with Art Day

52

Hell is Freezing Over Day Jackie Robinson Day - Jack Roosevelt Robinson was born on this day in 1919. He became the first black professional baseball player when he joined the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947. http://baseballhall.org/hof/robinson-jackie Thermos Bottle Day - The American Thermos Bottle Company was incorporated on this day in 1907. Twist Off Cap Day - The twist off bottle cap was invented in 1956. That took the place of the clamped-on bottle cap, invented in 1892, that required an opener to remove. Previous to that corks were used. Social Security Day - The first Social Security check, for $22.54, was issued on this day in 1940 to Ida May Fuller of Ludlow, Vermont. That would be $369.43 of buying power in 2013 dollars. She had paid in $24.75 between 1937 and 1939 on an income of less than $2,500. www.usinflationcalculator.com www.ssa.gov/history Child Labor Day - The next time your child complains about having to take out the trash, go to The History Place and show him/her what life was like for many children a hundred years ago in America (and sadly still is in some countries).

Week-Long Events in

JANUARY
Celebration of Life Week (1 - 7) Universal Letter-Writing Week (8 -14) Lose Weight, Feel Great Week (1 - 8) www.weightwatchers.com http://jennycraig.com “Someday We'll Laugh About This” Week (first full week) Women's Self-Empowerment Week (first full week) www.imow.org International Museum of Women

53

Law Enforcement Training Week (first full week) Pizza Week (second week) School Crossing Guard Week (second week) Thank a Cow Week (second week) Thank You Week (second week) No Tillage Week (second work week) – The 21st Annual National No-Tillage Conference will take place January 9-12 at the Hyatt Regency in Indianapolis, Indiana. www.no-tillfarmer.com www.notillconference.com Universal Letter Writing Week (second full week) www.letterwritingguide.com http://jerz.setonhill.edu/writing/e-text/email/ Writing Effective Email: Top 10 Email Tips National Handwriting Analysis Week (week that includes the 23rd, John Hancock's birthday) www.handwriting.org Handwriting Analysis Group Special Education Week (third week) Graves’ Disease Awareness Week (second full week) www.gdatf.org Graves’ Disease and Thyroid Foundation Skating Week (third week) Man Watchers Week (third week) Hunt for Happiness Week (third full week) 20 – 26 http://sohp.com Secret Society of Happy People™ Reminiscence Week (third week) Healthy Weight Week (third full week) http://nhlbisupport.com/bmi Calculate Your Body Mass Index. National Activity Professionals Week (third full week) http://naap.info National Association of Activity Professionals No Name-Calling Week (third work week) National Creative Frugality Week (fourth week)

54

Founded by Nancy Twigg of Knoxville, Tennessee. author of “101 Creative Ways to ST-R-E-T-C-H a Dollar.” NCFW occurs one month after the week of Christmas. Ms. Twigg gives 5 ways for you to jumpstart your frugality this week: 1. Record everything you spend. 2. Cut down on extras. 3. Postpone spending. 4. In addition to saving, look for ways to make extra money. 5. Enjoy free fun, like reading a book. http://frugalgravy.wordpress.com/2009/09/26/the-abcs-of-creative-frugality www.creativefrugality.com Hot Air Balloon Week (fourth week) www.hotairballoon.com Junior Achievement® Week (fourth week) www.ja.org Junior Achievement USA® Nurse Anesthetist Week (fourth work week) www.aana.com American Association of Nurse Anesthetists National Folic Acid Awareness Week (fourth work week) www.folicacidinfo.org National Counsel on Folic Acid. Hoof Care Week (fourth work week) www.hoofcare.com www.hoof-care.com www.horseshoes.com Catholic Schools Week (January 27 – February 2) www.ncea.org/news/catholicschoolsweek.asp National Catholic Education Association

Month-Long Events in

JANUARY
Celebration of Life Month It's OK to Be Different Month

55

National Hobby Month – As declared by the city of Santa Clarita, California in 2000. Congress has had joint resolutions asking for other months to be declared hobby month but none that a president has signed. Get Organized Month - As declared by the National Association of Professional Organizers. The first step to organizing it to unclutter. You can't have everything in its place if there isn't a place for everything. www.napo.net National Association of Professional Organizers National Mailorder Gardening Month - Visit the Mailorder Gardening Association for more info. www.directgardeningassociation.com Life Balance Month www.sheryl.com National Radio Month www.westga.edu/~bquest/2001/radio.htm Senior Women's Travel Month www.aarp.org/travel www.women-traveling.com International Get Over It Month International Creativity Month – Several people have designated a 'creativity month'. One of them is author Randall Munson. He helps people and businesses get ahead by using creativity and innovation. www.creativelyspeaking.com/creativity_month.html Walk Your Pet Month National Book Blitz Month Love Your Independent Bookstore Month Reference Book Month www.educationworld.com Clean Up Your Computer Month http://free.avg.com/us-en/virus-removal www.avast.com/free-antivirus-download www.malwarebytes.org National High Tech Month - This was designated by Congress in 1985 as being in October but most calendars now list it in January (as early as 1999).

56

Yours, Mine and Ours Month Careers in Cosmetology Month www.probeauty.org/nca National Cosmetology Association Human Resources Month National Financial Wellness Month Poverty in America Awareness Month http://americanpoverty.org www.feedingamerica.org National Mentoring Month www.mentoring.org School Board Recognition Month www.nsba.org National Personal Self-Defense Awareness Month www.nonosenseselfdefense.com Crime Stoppers Month www.c-s-i.org Crime Stoppers International Bread Machine Baking Month Fat Free Living Month National Fiber Focus Month National Oatmeal Month www.quakeroats.com Prune Breakfast Month – This was started by the California Prune Board, now called the California Dried Plum Board. www.californiadriedplums.org National Soup Month – The most recognized brand of soup in America is Campbell’s®. www.campbellsoup.com International Coffee Gourmet Month www.starbucks.com National Hot Tea Month

57

Family Fit Lifestyle Month National Glaucoma Awareness Month - As observed by the www.nei.nih.gov National Eye Institute – National Institutes of Health National Eye Care Month www.seetolearn.com Home Fire Safety Month www.befiresmart.com www.usfa.fema.gov/kids/flash.shtm Bath Safety Month www.yourchildshealth.com National Volunteer Blood Donor Month www.redcross.org American Red Cross www.americasblood.org America's Blood Centers® National Birth Defects Prevention Month www.nbdpn.org National Birth Defects Prevention Network www.marchofdimes.com March of Dimes Cervical Health Awareness Month www.nccc-online.org National Cervical Cancer Coalition Clinical Trial Awareness Month – Clinical trials are scientific research studies testing ways to prevent or treat diseases. Patients with terminal or life-altering medical problems may find this is their only hope if other treatments don't work. www.novartis.com/innovation/research-development/clinical-trials/index.shtml National Radon Action Month – This was designated by the EPA. Radon is an invisible, odorless radioactive gas resulting from the natural breakdown of uranium in the soil. Breathing radon can cause lung cancer. The Surgeon General has warned that radon is the second leading cause of lung cancer in the U.S., responsible for over 20,000 deaths each year. There are steps that can be taken to reduce the amount of radon exposure in the home. A home test kit is easy to use and inexpensive. www.epa.gov/radon/nram/ Environmental Protection Agency Thyroid Awareness Month – As designated by the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists. www.aace.com

58

FEBRUARY
~ February 2014 ~
Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 1 Sat 2 3 4 5 6 7 8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

Notes:

59

Saturday, February 1
Day 32 Baked Alaska Day Skippy® Peanut Butter Day – Skippy® peanut butter was first sold on this day in 1933. www.peanutbutter.com Robinson Crusoe Day – The anniversary of the day Scottish sailor, Alexander Selkirk, was rescued in 1709. He is believed to be the inspiration for Daniel Defoe's book, Robinson Crusoe. National Freedom Day – This was designated by President Harry Truman in 1948. It is the anniversary of the day in 1865 when President Abraham Lincoln signed the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to abolish slavery. www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2013/02/01/national-freedom-day-commitment-end-modernslavery Canadian Mounties Day – The Royal Canadian Mounted Police was created on this day in 1920 when the Royal Northwest Mounted Police merged with the Dominion Police. www.canadadaylondon.com/featured-guests/meet-the-mounties/ 333 Days Remaining

Sunday, February 2
Day 33 332 Days Remaining

60

Groundhog Day – Folklore has it that if the groundhog sees his shadow today, there will be six more weeks of winter. If it is cloudy on this day, then spring will come early. http://www.groundhog.org/groundhog-day/ Self-Renewal Day National League Birthday – The National League was formed on this day in 1875. World Wetlands Day – The theme for the 2014 World Wetlands Day is “Wetlands and Agriculture” as 2014 is the UN International Year of Family Farming. The slogal for the Day is “Wetlands and Agriculture: Partners for Growth,” placing a focus on the need for the wetland, water and agricultural sectors to work together for the best shared outcomes. http://www.ramsar.org/cda/en/ramsar-activities-wwds-wwd2014index/main/ramsar/1-6378%5E26287_4000_0__ GI Joe's Birthday – The iconic boy’s toy was created in 1964. Grand Central Station Anniversary – Grand Central Station opened on this day in 1913 in New York City. Technically Grand Central Station was the name of the terminal after it was rebuilt in 1900 from the original Grand Central Depot. After extensive rebuilding between 1903 and 1913 the new building was designated as Grand Central Terminal. However, among the general public the old name stuck. Superbowl Sunday 2014 (first Sunday) – Super Bowl XLVIII will be the 48th edition of the Super Bowl in American football, and the 44th annual championship game of the modern-era National Football League (NFL). It is scheduled to be held at the MetLife Stadium at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey. This will be a first in several respects: • This will be the first Super Bowl to be played outdoors in a cold weather environment. • The first Super Bowl game in 38 years to be played outdoors on artificial turf. • The first in which two US states (New York and New Jersey) will work together with hosting duties. • It will also be the first Super Bowl in NFL history to have two host teams (the New York Jets and New York Giants) as both play in the same stadium. And be sure to watch the commercials! http://www.nynjsuperbowl.com National Popcorn Day 2014 (on Superbowl Sunday) - Make popcorn in a pan instead of in the microwave. Using the fireplace as your heat source is even better. www.popcorn.org

61

Monday, February 3
Day 34 Artist Appreciation Day Carrot Cake Day Halfway Point of Winter – This is a day to celebrate the fact that spring is coming closer every day. Signing of the Endangered Species Act - The Endangered Species Act was signed on this day in 1973. The Day the Music Died - On this day in 1959 Buddy Holly, Richie Valens, and the Big Bopper died in a plane crash. 331 Days Remaining

Tuesday, February 4
Day 35 330 Days Remaining Rosa Parks Birthday – Today is Rosa Parks 100th birthday. Rosa Louise Parks (February 4, 1913 – October 24, 2005) was arrested for civil disobedience, for refusing to give up her seat in the “colored” section to a white passenger when the “white” section was full on a bus in Montgomery, Alabama. The U.S. Congress called her “the first lady of civil rights,” and the “mother of the freedom movement.” When she died in 2005, she was the first woman and second non-U.S. government official to lie in honor at the U.S. Capitol Rotunda. www.thehenryford.org/exhibits/rosaparks/story.asp www.rosaparksfacts.com www.rosaparks.org Rosa & Raymond Parks Institute for Self Development Homemade Soup Day http://allrecipes.com/Recipes/Soups-Stews-and-Chili/ Search through over 1,000 recipes for homemade soup here. 62

Stuffed Mushroom Day http://southernfood.about.com/od/stuffedmushrooms/Stuffed_Mushroom_Recipes.htm Stuffed Mushroom Recipes. Thank a Postal Worker Day www.usps.com USO Anniversary Day - The USO was incorporated on this day in 1941 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. www.uso.org Birthday of Charles Lindbergh – Lindbergh (February 4, 1902 – August 26, 1974) was an American aviator. His plane was called the “Spirit of St. Louis.” He was the first aviator to fly solo nonstop across the Atlantic Ocean (May 20-21, 1927). www.charleslindbergh.com

Wednesday, February 5
Day 36 Chocolate Fondue Day www.gofondue.com www.fonduerecipes.com Birthday of Hank Aaron – Aaron (February 5, 1934) hit 755 home runs in one season, back when the seasons were considerably shorter than they are today. http://baseballhall.org/hof/aaron-hank www.755homeruns.com/timeline.shtml Belle Starr Day – Myra Maybelle Shirley, aka Belle Starr (February 5, 1848 – February 3, 1889), was notorious outlaw was born in Carthage, Missouri. Her mother was a Hatfield from the infamous Hatfield-McCoy feuds. Belle was acquainted with both the Younger and the James brothers. http://www.whitsett-wall.com/Fort_Smith/BelleStar.htm National Weatherperson’s Day – Also known as National Weatherman's Day, is a holiday observed primarily in the United States. It recognizes individuals in the fields of meteorology, weather forecasting and broadcast meteorology, as well as volunteer storm 329 Days Remaining

63

spotters and observers. It is observed on the birthday of John Jeffries, one of the United States' first weather observers who took daily measurements from 1774 to 1816. http://www.crh.noaa.gov/news/display_cmsstory.php?wfo=lot&storyid=21403&source= 0 Aerial Victory Day – The first aerial victory by the U.S. military happened on this day in 1918 when Stephen Thompson shot down a German plane. National Girls and Women in Sports Day – (first Wednesday) www.womenssportsfoundation.org

Thursday, February 6
Day 37 328 Days Remaining National Frozen Yogurt Day Monopoly Day – The first Monopoly Game (in the form we know it today) went on sale in 1935. Some sources list this as November 19. Massachusetts Admission Day - Massachusetts became the 6th state in 1788. www.mass.gov Birthday of President Ronald Reagan – Ronald Wilson Reagan (February 6, 1911 – June 5, 2004) was the fortieth president of the United States of America. www.ronaldreagan.com www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ronaldreagan www.reaganfoundation.org

Friday, February 7
Day 38 Fettuccine Alfredo Day 327 Days Remaining

64

http://allrecipes.com//Recipe/to-die-for-fettuccine-alfredo Send a Card to a Friend Day Birthday of Laura Ingalls Wilder - Laura Elizabeth Ingalls Wilder (February 7, 1867 – February 10, 1957) was an American author who wrote the Little House series of books based on her childhood in a pioneer family. Her series of books inspired the popular TV series Little House on the Prairie. www.littlehousebooks.com www.liwfrontiergirl.com www.liwms.com http://lauraingallswilderhome.com www.lauraingallswilder.com Dump Your Significant Jerk Day Wear Red Day – (first Friday) See Go Red for Women™ for information about this campaign to fight heart disease and stroke. www.goredforwomen.org Give Kids a Smile® Day 2014 (first Friday)

Saturday, February 8
Day 39 Smiles are Contagious Day Boy Scout Anniversary – The Boy Scouts of America was founded on this day in 1910. www.scouting.org Rebel Day – James Dean, the original 'rebel', was born on this day in 1931. www.jamesdean.com 326 Days Remaining

65

Sunday, February 9
Day 40 325 Days Remaining Bagels and Lox Day – See How to Prepare Bagels and Lox. www.ehow.com/how_2141299_prepare-bagels-lox.html Weather Day Develop Alternative Vices Day – I think the purpose of this is to change your bad habits by substituting something that is better for you. For example, if you can't stop eating between meals at least eat something that is good for you. Or if you are a compulsive shopper, shop at Dollar Tree. Birthday of President William Henry Harrison (February 9, 1773 – April 4, 1841) He was the ninth president, and the first U.S. president to die in office. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/williamhenryharrison World Marriage Day (second Sunday) – See Worldwide Marriage Encounter, the sponsor of World Marriage Day. www.wwme.org

Monday, February 10
Day 41 324 Days Remaining Gold Record Day – The first gold record was awarded to Glenn Miller on this day in 1942 for Chattanooga Choo Choo. www.choochoo.com Umbrella Day YWCA Birthday – The Young Women's Christian Association was founded in 1870. www.ywca.org

66

Tuesday, February 11
Day 42 Make a New Friend Day National Shut-in Visitation Day – If you know a shut-in please take time to visit them today. Even a few minutes of conversation can brighten their day for someone who is unable to get out and about. Grandmother Achievement Day – Whether your grandmother bakes the best cookies in the world or is a corporate attorney, this would be a good day to tell her how proud you are of her. Be Electrific Day – This was created by Carolyn Finch in 1998 to celebrate Thomas Edison's birthday. Birthday of Thomas Edison – Thomas Alva Edison (February 11, 1847 – October 18, 1931) was an American inventor and businessman. www.thomasedison.com Don't Cry Over Spilled Milk Day Inventors Day – Have family or friends write down what they think are the five most important inventions of the past fifty years. Try to imagine what life would be like without them. www.inventors-day.com www.invent.org www.inventorsdigest.com www.uspto.gov/inventors/index.jsp www.women-inventors.com 323 Days Remaining

Wednesday, February 12
67

Day 43

322 Days Remaining

Chocolate Day – When is Chocolate Day? There's a bit of confusion as to the actual date of this holiday. You see we have "Chocolate Day," World Chocolate Day, International Chocolate Day, and National Chocolate Day. Without even saying; it's ovious how these holidays can get all mixed up. World Chocolate Day Some calendars say World Chocolate Day is celebrated on September 23 but we also found reference to World Chocolate Day at this website that states: "Why not join in on World Chocolate Day on September 4th. World chocolate day is an annual event, with various events organised in different countries. The world day started first in 2003 and now events are organised annually on September 4th. The day itself was chosen because it is the birth date of the World Chocolate Day founder, the Italian, Valeria Lo Iacono." International Chocolate Day Some say "International Chocolate Day" is celebrated on September 13. If you do an Internet search; you will also find reference to National Chocolate Day on October 28, December 24, December 28, December 29, February 10 and July 7. • We also have a National Milk Chocolate Day, celebrated on July 28. • National White Chocolate Day - September 22 • National Chocolate Anything Day - December 16 • American Chocolate Week--March 14-20 Is it possible that this holiday is celebrated on more than one day? Yes it is! In fact we have many holidays listed as a National Day but is also celebrated Internationally on a different date. It's also possible that this holiday started out as a Movable Holiday which could explain why so many different dates are listed. We think the biggest answer to this puzzle is simply the fact that there are so many chocolate holidays; everyone is getting them all mixed up. Also: Many times candy companies will promote chocolate on certain days and call that day "Chocolate Day" this in turn confuses the public into thinking that it's National Chocolate Day when it's actually just a "chocolate day promotion." Also chocolate is a very popular choice for fundraisers too. Oh well- - - We are still researching this holiday and if we ever find the creator of this holiday we will pass on the information. Until then, enjoy chocolate on all these dates by eating chocolate and sending chocolate day greeting- Yep, there's even greeting cards that say September 23 is Chocolate Day :) How is this holiday celebrated? Chocolate Day is a perfect excuse to indulge in chocolate! This holiday is celebrated by enjoying your favorite chocolate recipe! Is there anything better than that? Gather up your friends and family and treat everyone with something chocolate and delishious. Pull out your favorite chocolate recipes and share in the baking and making of chocolate desserts• Chocolate Cake Recipes

68

• • • •

Chocolate Pie Recipes Chocolate Mint Cupcake Recipe Chocolate Covered Bacon Chocolate Chip Cookies

Origin of this Holiday? Our research did not find the creator, or the origin of this day. We did however find that this holiday has been celebrated for years. There is plenty of documentation to support that this holiday does indeed exist. This is referred to as a "National" day as all food holidays are. However, we did not find any congressional records or presidential proclamations for this day. Even though, this is still a holiday to celebrate. We found recognition about this holiday from: Calendar sites and personal Internet sites that blog and share information about this holiday. Chocolate, one of the most popular flavors in the world: "Chocolate has become one of the most popular flavors in the world. Gifts of chocolate molded into different shapes have become traditional on certain holidays: chocolate bunnies and eggs are popular on Easter, chocolate coins on Hanukkah, Santa Claus and other holiday symbols on Christmas, and hearts on Valentine's Day. Chocolate is also used in cold and hot beverages, to produce chocolate milk and hot chocolate." www.exploratorium.edu/exploring/exploring_chocolate/ National Lost Penny Day ©1995 – The first US penny was minted in 1787 and was made of pure copper and was designed by Benjamin Franklin. On February 12th, 1909, marking the 100th anniversary of Lincoln's birth, the first Lincoln penny was issued. It was the first regular issue US coin to honor an actual person. On Lost Penny Day, gather all those pennies you have been collecting and cash them in. Put all those pennies that you have collected or that have accumulated around your house back into circulation by donating them to a worthy cause. http://adriennesiouxkoopersmith.blogspot.com/ 2007/12/from-creator-of-lost-penny-day1995.html Darwin Day – Charles Robert Darwin (February 12, 1809 – April 19, 1882) wrote On the Origin of Species in 1859, which provided the foundation for the theory of evolution. www.darwinday.org Birthday of President Abraham Lincoln – Abraham Lincoln (February 12, 1809 – April

69

15, 1865) was the sixteenth president. His birthday, along with George Washington’s (February 22) is observed on the third Monday of February (February 17), commonly called “Presidents’ Day” and is a national holiday. International Pancake Day (Tuesday before Ash Wednesday) - See International Pancake Day for info about this annual competition between the women of Liberal, Kansas and the women of Olney, England. www.pancakeday.net/about.htm

Thursday, February 13
Day 44 321 Days Remaining I Value Our Friendship Day National Tortellini Day Tortellini Recipes : http://allrecipes.com//Recipes/pasta/ravioli-and-tortellini/Main.aspx First Public School Day – The first public school in America was established on this day in 1635 in Boston, Massachusetts.

Friday, February 14
Day 45 320 Days Remaining Saint Valentine's Day – Valentine was a pagan priest that converted to Christianity. When it was illegal for Roman soldiers to marry, he performed marriage ceremonies in secret. He was arrested for this and imprisioned. He would send notes to his friends and family and sign them “Your Valentine.” He was executed on this day in 269AD, and is considered a Christian martyr. Snow Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to 70

promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in February is called the “Snow Moon.” Some other popular names for this month’s full moon are “Hunger Moon” or “Wolf Moon.” The full moon will occur at 5:54PM CST, 23:53 UTC. Purim Katan – A minor Jewish holiday: Minor Purim celebration during Adar I on leap years. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 Quirky Alone Day - If you are single, go to Quirky Alone and take the quiz. http://quirkyalone.net/qa National Call in Single Day National Condom Day www.cashe.org/events/2013-national-condom-day www.nationalcondomweek.com www.redhot.org/news/national-condom-day Ferris Wheel Day – American engineer George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr. (February 14, 1859 – November 22, 1896) is most well known for creating the original Ferris Wheel for the 1893 Chicago World's Columbian Exposition. ENIAC Anniversary – ENIAC (Electronic Numerical Integrator And Computer) was the first electronic general-purpose computer, completed in 1946 after taking almost three years to build. It weighed 28 tons and was, of course, much slower than computers today. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ENIAC www.itdictionary.org/term/Electronic_Numerical_Integrator_and_Computer.aspx www.onlineitdegree.net Have a Heart Day Organ and Tissue Donor Day www.organdonor.gov Arizona Admission Day – Arizona became the 48th state in 1912. Oregon Admission Day – Oregon became the 33rd state in 1859. Women's Heart Health Day 2014 (Friday in same week as Valentines Day) www.womenheart.org

71

Saturday, February 15
Day 46 319 Days Remaining Burger Lovers Day – Several sources claim to have concocted this consummate “fast food” in the United States as early as 1885. http://burgerdoctor.com/burgerology-origin-of-the-hamburger.html National Gumdrop Day – One source cites that the gumdrop was invented by Percy Trusdale in 1801. Clifford the Big Red Dog Birthday - Norman Bridwell's first book, Clifford the Big Red Dog, was published on this day in 1963. (Some sources say September 5, 1963.) Sticky Stamp Day – The Postal Service first used adhesive postage stamps on this day in 1842. Actually, there is some dispute about this date. The official US Postal Service website cites the exact day as February 1. Regardless, these were the kind of stamps you had to lick to activate the adhesive on the back. Sticky stamp trivia: The USPS contracted with adhesive label company Avery Dennison to produce a self-adhesive postage stamp in 1974. They became so popular with customers that the majority of stamps today are of the “no licking required” type. http://about.usps.com/who-we-are/postal-history/stamps-postcards.htm www.averydennison.com/avy/en_us/Newsroom/Press-Kit/Fact-Sheet-_-Corporate Galileo Day – Galileo Galilei was born on this day in 1564. http://galileo.rice.edu http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/galileo Birthday of Susan B. Anthony – This civil rights activist was born on this day in 1820. http://susanbanthonyhouse.org Battleship Day

Sunday, February 16
72

Day 47

318 Days Remaining

Do a Grouch a Favor Day – The best way to change their disposition. Almond Day – Usually, almond trees are in full bloom right about now. 911 Day – The first 911 call was placed on this day in 1968 in Haleyville, Alabama. That call was not an emergency but a call set up to introduce the system to the news media. Since that time millions of people have found 911 to be a lifeline. Nylon Day – Nylon was patented on this day in 1937 by DuPont.

Monday, February 17
Day 48 317 Days Remaining Presidents Day 2014 (third Monday) - This was first celebrated 22 Feb 1880 to honor the birthday of President George Washington. In 1971, the Uniform Monday Holiday Act changed it to the third Monday in February. Today Presidents Day honors both George Washington and Abraham Lincoln. www.patriotism.org/presidents_day Random Acts of Kindness Day PTA® Founders Day (started in 1910) - The original name of the group was the National Congress of Mothers and was changed to the National Congress of Parents and Teachers in 1925. www.pta.org

Tuesday, February 18
Day 49 Thumb Appreciation Day 316 Days Remaining

73

Pluto Day - The planet Pluto was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh in 1930. In 2006 Pluto was demoted to 'dwarf planet' after the criteria for being considered a planet was redefined. Dale Earnhardt Remembrance Day - Dale Earnhardt died on this day in 2001 at the Daytona 500.

Wednesday, February 19
Day 50 315 Days Remaining Cherry Coke Day – Cherry cola had been available for many years at drugstore soda fountains and restaurants where a soda jerk would concoct it by adding cherry-flavored syrup to cola. Apparently, it was so popular that the Coca-Cola Co. put it in a bottle and started selling it on this day in 1985. National Chocolate Mint Day Crackerjacks Prize Day – The first time there was a prize in a Crackerjacks box was on this day in 1913. Temporary Insanity Day – Some of us would like to see this holiday occur much more frequently to avoid having to come up with reasonable explanations for our actions. Iwo Jima Day – This is observed in Massachusetts. This was the first day of the Battle of Iwo Jima in which the United States captured Iwo Jima from Japan.

Thursday, February 20
Day 51 314 Days Remaining Cherry Pie Day – See links to Cherry Pie Recipes and Dessert Poems and Quotes.

74

Love Your Pet Day – See ASPCA.org and Pet Scrapbook Ideas. Clean Out Your Bookcase Day – Started in 1985, this is a good day to clean out all of those books we haven’t read (and probably will never read) and donate them to our local library (which will probably have any book we will want to read in the future). Ansel Adams Day – The photographer and environmentalist was born on this day in 1902. www.anseladams.com Student Volunteer Day Introduce a Girl to Engineering Day Toothpick Day – According to archeologists, the fossil remains (specifically, the teeth) of Neanderthals show evidence of some type of picking tool. A machine to make wooden toothpicks was developed in 1869 by Charles Foster. Another machine was patented in 1872 by Silas Noble and J.P. Cooley. Post Office Anniversary – On this day in 1792 President Washington signed the act that created the U.S. Post Office. Benjamin Franklin was the first Postmaster General. www.postalmuseum.si.edu Orbit Day – John Glenn became the first American astronaut to orbit the earth on this day in 1962. www.johnglennhome.org

Friday, February 21
Day 52 Sticky Bun Day Single-Tasking Day Locomotive Day – In 1804 the first steam-engine locomotive was used in Wales. It went nine miles in two hours hauling ten tons of iron, seventy men and five wagons. http://inventors.about.com/library/inventors/blrailroad.htm www.history.rochester.edu/steam/brown/ 313 Days Remaining

75

Saturday, February 22
Day 53 312 Days Remaining Be Humble Day – “Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not thine own lips.” (Proverbs 27:2) Golf America Day – Golf was first played in the U.S. in 1888. www.golf.com Georgian Calendar Day – The Georgian Calendar replaced the Julian Calendar in 1582 in most countries. World Thinking Day – This is a day for Girl Scouts to think about the meaning of scouting and about Girl Scouts and Girl Guides in other countries. Birthday of President George Washington (born in 1732) - He was the first president of the United States of America. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents www.mountvernon.org

Sunday, February 23
Day 54 311 Days Remaining Banana Bread Day – Don’t let that black, overripe banana go to waste! Tootsie Roll Day (first made in 1896) - The original Tootsie Rolls were hand made in a small candy store that eventually became Tootsie Roll Industries. They were named after the maker's daughter whose nickname was Tootsie. www.tootsie.com Dog Biscuit Appreciation Day

76

Monday, February 24
Day 55 310 Days Remaining National Tortilla Chip Day – Rebecca Webb Carranza (born in Durango, Mexico on November 29, 1907 and died in Phoenix, Arizona on January 19, 2006) is credited with creating the now ubiquitous tortilla chip. In the late 1940s, the Carranza family's Los Angeles-based El Zarape Tortilla Factory began making tortillas by machine, but at first many of the corn and flour disks were misshapen and had to be thrown away. Ms. Carranza took some of the rejects home for a party, cut them into triangles and fried them. They were a huge hit with her guests and she began selling them for 10 cents a bag. By the 1960s the Tort Chips, as they were called, were El Zarape's main business. In 1994 Ms. Carranza was honored with the Golden Tortilla Award by Azteca Milling, the Irving, Texas-based company that created the honor. Nylon Toothbrush Day - The first toothbrush with nylon bristles went on sale on this day in 1938. National Trading Card Day Birthday of Steven Jobs – (February 24, 1955 – October 5, 2011) He was the co-founder of Apple Computer. www.apple.com/stevejobs http://allaboutstevejobs.com Obnoxious Day

Tuesday, February 25
Day 56 Cuddle Day 309 Days Remaining

77

Let's All Eat Right Day – This is the day Adelle Davis, well-known early nutritionist, was born on in 1904. Pistol Patent Day - Samuel Colt patented the revolver. www.colt.com

Wednesday, February 26
Day 57 Tell a Fairy Tale Day Birthday of Levi Strauss – Strauss, born in 1829, invented denim bluejeans. National Pistachio Day Spay Day USA – Always the last Tuesday of February. www.humanesociety.org/issues/spay_day 308 Days Remaining

Thursday, February 27
Day 58 307 Days Remaining No-Brainer Day - This is a day to do simple chores that require no thought to leave your brain free to wander where it will. Polar Bear Day Aspirin's Birthday – Bayer patented this medicine on this day in 1900. Its patent has since expired, but they are still known for “the wonder drug that works wonders.” Birthday of Ralph Nadar – Political activist and presidential candidate, Ralph Nadar, was born on this day in 1934. Mardi Gras Day - According to some sources the first Mardi Gras was held in New Orleans on this day in 1827. 78

Inconvenience Yourself™ Day 2013 – Observed on the fourth Wednesday of February. www.inconvenienceyourself.com

Friday, February 28
Day 59 306 Days Remaining Car Keys and Small Change Day – Probably the reason why pockets were invented. Floral Design Day - This was designated by Governor William F. Weld of Massachusetts in 1995. It is the birthday of Carl Rittner, founder of The Rittners School of Floral Design in Boston. www.floralschool.com Tooth Fairy Day – Also celebrated August 22. DNA Discovery Day – On this day in 1953 James Watson of the US and Francis Crick of the UK determined the shape and structure of DNA to be a double helix. Chili Day – Observed on the last Thursday of February (perfect weather for a hot bowl of chili!). This information is provided for information purposes only. The last leap year was 2012. The next leap year will be 2016.) Leap Day – A complete revolution of the earth around the sun (one solar year) takes approximately 365 days and 4 hours. Thus, an extra 24 hours accumulates every four years, making it necessary to add an extra day to the calendar to get it back in alignment. More precisely, a solar year is 365 days, 5 hours, 49 minutes, and 16 seconds (365.2425 days). Simply adding an extra day to the calendar every four years would be three days too many in 400 years. To keep this from happening, a year divisible by 100 is not a leap year unless it is also divisible by 400. So, the years 1600 and 2000 were leap years, as will be 2400 and 2800, but the years 1700, 1800, and 1900 were not, nor will 2100, 2200, or 2300. Bachelors Day – Irish folklore tells us St Bridget struck a deal with St Patrick to allow women to propose to men just once every 4 years, on Leap Day. If a man refuses a proposal from a woman on this day, he is expected to pay a penalty. Sometimes this was

February 29 (2014 is not a leap year, so there is no February 29.

79

a monetary fine, a silk gown, or 12 pairs of gloves so that the woman could hide the embarrassment of not wearing an engagement ring. Yellowstone Park Day – Yellowstone became the first National Park in 1892. www.nps.gov/yell www.yellowstonenationalpark.com

Week-long Events in

FEBRUARY
Pancake Week – Week before Ash Wednesday. Women's Heart Health Week – First week. www.womenheart.org www.americanheart.org Solo Diners Eat Out Week – The 1st through the 7th. www.solodining.com Children's authors and Illustrators Week – First week. www.childrensauthorsnetwork.com National Pay Your Bills Week – First week. Created in 1968 by The Association of Credit and Collection Professionals for the purpose of better educating consumers on how to manage their finances. Governor Harold LeVander of Minnesota designated this day in 1970. www.acainternational.org Burn Awareness Week – First full week. www.ameriburn.org National School Counseling Week – First full week. www.schoolcounselor.org International Coaching Week – First full week. Boy Scout Anniversary Week – First full week. www.scouting.org Pride in Food Service Week - First full work week. www.dmaonline.org

80

Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week – The 7th through the 14th. http://tchin.org Flirting Week – Always the week of Valentines Day. National Salute to Hospitalized Veterans Week – The week of Valentines Day. www.volunteer.va.gov Children of Alcoholics Week – The week of Valentines Day. www.nacoa.org The National Association for Children of Alcoholics Cardiac Rehabilitation Week – The week of Valentines Day. www.aacvpr.org The American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation. Cardiovascular Professionals Week – The week of Valentines Day. www.aacvpr.org Celebration of Love Week – The week of Valentines Day. National Condom Week – The week of Valentines Day. www.nationalcondomweek.com Muscular Dystrophy Awareness Week – Second week www.parentprojectmd.org Homes for Birds Week® – The second week of February by The National Association of Independent Wild Bird Stores. www.homesforbirdsweek.com National Child Passenger Safety Awareness Week – Second full week. www.nhtsa.gov National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Heart Failure Awareness Week – Second full week. www.hfsa.org The Heart Failure Society of America Random Acts of Kindness Week – The week starting the second Monday. www.randomactsofkindness.org/rak-week Love Your Pet Week – The third week. www.aspca.org Golf Week – The third week. www.golf.com International Friendship Week – The last full week in February.

81

www.friendshipandgoodwill.org International Society of Friendship and Goodwill Future Farmers of America Week – The week starting the third Saturday. www.ffa.org Future Farmers of America The Great Backyard Bird Count Weekend – Friday the 15th through Monday the 18th. www.birdsource.org/gbbc The Great Backyard Bird Count Second Honeymoon Weekend – Friday to Sunday following or including Valentine's Day. Engineering Week – The week including Washington's Birthday. George Washington was a civil engineer and surveyor early in life, and was born on February 22, 1732. www.nspe.org The National Society of Professional Engineers® Nostalgia Week – The fourth week. Eating Disorders Awareness Week – The week starting the last Sunday. www.nationaleatingdisorders.org The National Eating Disorders Association Telecommuter Appreciation Week – The week starting the last Sunday. First designated by The American Telecommuting Association in 1993. www.yourata.com

Month-long Events in

FEBRUARY
Random Acts of Kindness Month National Boost Your Self-Esteem Month Creative Romance Month Relationship Wellness Month International Friendship Month National Embroidery Month Get Inspired Month Library Lovers Month 82

www.ipl.org The Internet Public Library Plant the Seeds of Greatness Month Primrose Month Violet Month National Cat Health Month www.cathealth.com Responsible Pet Owner Month www.aspca.org American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals National Wild Bird Feeding Month www.birdfeeding.org National Bird-Feeding Society American History Month www.ushistory.org Black History Month www.africanamericanhistorymonth.gov Expect Success Month www.insidecca.com/inside-cca/international-expect-success-month www.positivemagazine.com Time Management Month www.mayoclinic.com/health/time-management/WL00048 Bake for Family Fun Month www.joyofbaking.com Canned Food Month National Cherry Pie Month Chocolate Lovers Month www.allchocolate.com National Grapefruit Month Hot Breakfast Month Pie Month

83

Potato Lovers Month National Snack Food Month www.sfa.org Snack Food Association National Sweet Potato Month http://healthymeals.nal.usda.gov/features-month/february/national-sweet-potato-month National Children's Dental Health Month www.ada.org/5578.aspx Low Vision Awareness Month www.lowvision.org www.preventblindness.org Macular Degeneration Awareness Month www.maculardegenerationassociation.org Sleep Safety Month www.nhlbi.nih.gov/health/prof/sleep/res_plan/section4/section4d.html National Caffeine Addiction Awareness Month www.caffeineawareness.org National Cancer Prevention Month – Designated by the U.S. Senate in 2004. www.aicr.org American Institute for Cancer Research www.cancer.org American Cancer Society www.cancer.net American Society of Clinical Oncology www.choosehope.com National Condom Month www.ashastd.org/national-condom-month.html American Sexual Health Association Heart Health Month www.americanheart.org Kids E.N.T. (Ears, Nose, Throat) Month www.entnet.org American Academy of Otolarngology – Head and Neck Surgery Marfan Syndrome Awareness Month www.marfan.org National Marfan Foundation Wise Health Consumer Month www.aipm.net American Institute for Preventive Medicine Women's Heart Health Month

84

www.womenheart.org

85

MARCH
~ March 2014 ~
Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 1 Sat 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

Notes:

Flower - Daffodil (signifies new beginnings) Alternate Flower - Jonquil (another name for daffodil) Birthstone - Aquamarine (signifies courage and hope)

86

Alternate Birthstone - Bloodstone Name Origin - named for Mars, Roman god of war

Saturday, March 1
Day 60 305 Days Remaining New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 2:02AM CST, 08:02 UTC.

National Day of Unplugging (sunset on March 1 to sunset on March 2) – Started in 2009, this is a day to “unplug” from all digital (electronic) devices for a full 24 hours (from sunset to sunset). http://nationaldayofunplugging.com http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/28/national-day-of-unplugging2013_n_2760114.html Share a Smile Day

87

Peanut Butter Lover's Day http://peanutbutterlovers.com http://peanut-butter.org Mechanic's Day National Pig Day - This was created in 1972 by sisters Ellen Stanley and Mary Lynne Rave. Peace Corps Anniversary – On this day in 1961, President John F. Kennedy signed the Executive Order officially starting the Peace Corp. www.peacecorps.gov Plan a Solo Vacation Day www.cstn.org Connecting: Solo Travel Network Yellowstone Day - Yellowstone became the first National Park on February 29 in 1872 (a leap year) by an act of dedication signed by President Ulysses S. Grant. The official date for celebrating the establishment of Yellowstone as a National Park is March 1. One of the park’s most popular features is a geyser known as “Old Faithful.” Nebraska Admission Day - Nebraska became the 37th state in 1867. Ohio Admission Day - Ohio became the 17th state in 1803.

Sunday, March 2
Day 61 304 Days Remaining National Banana Cream Pie Day Read Across America Day - This was created by the NEA and is celebrated on the birthday of children's author and illustrator Theodore Seuss Geisel aka Dr. Seuss. He was born in 1904 in Springfield, Massachusetts. He wrote The Cat in The Hat, Horton Hears a Who, How the Grinch Stole Christmas and many other wonderful books. www.nea.org/grants/886.htm Read Across America Give Up Easily Day Old Stuff Day 88

Iditarod® Start Day (starts the first Saturday) – This is the longest dog sled race in the world and takes from ten to twenty days. The Iditarod Trail runs from Anchorage to Nome in Alaska. http://iditarod.com Official Site of the Iditarod®. Namesake Day (Sunday of the first full week) - This was established in 1997 by onomatology hobbyist, Jerry Hill.

Monday, March 3
Day 62 303 Days Remaining I Want You to Be Happy Day Alexander Graham Bell Day - The teacher, inventor, physicist, and engineer was born on this day in 1847. www.agbell.org Alexander Graham Bell Association Peach Blossom Day - This is the day peaches usually start blossoming in Japan. Star-Spangled Banner Day - The Star-Spangled Banner became the National Anthem on this day in 1931 by a congressional resolution signed by President Herbert Hoover. Florida Admission Day - Florida became the 27th state in 1845.

Tuesday, March 4
Day 63 301 Days Remaining National Pound Cake Day - Traditional pound cakes contained one pound each of flour, sugar, eggs and butter. Any cake that contains equal amounts of those four ingredients can still be considered a pound cake. Cadbury Chocolate Day - John Cadbury opened his a grocery shop in 1824 in Birmingham, England. One of the things he sold was cocoa and drinking chocolate, 89

which he prepared himself from imported cocoa beans. His chocolate products sold so well that he soon decided to concentrate on them. www.cadbury.co.uk Hug a Member of the Military Day - Today is the only day of the year that is a military command: 'march forth'. U.S. Congress Anniversary - Congress first met on this day at Federal Hall in New York City in 1789. Employee Appreciation Day

I think it was Napoleon that said, “A man will work for a paycheck, but he will risk his life for a medal.” Recognition for a job well done is valued and appreciated more than extra money. A few years ago, a client came to us with a dilemma. They were a homeimprovement company with about 100 employees. At Christmas, they would give each employee a $100 bonus. This was a $10,000 expense for the company. Rather than appreciating the generous gift, the employees took it as an insult. It wasn’t enough of a reward for a whole year of effort. Our client came to us for a better way to recognize and commend their employees. We put together an Employee Recognition Program consisting of a personalized (the lid inscribed with their name) toolbox filled with an assortment of screwdrivers, pliers, tin snips, and other hand tools. The personalized toolboxes were presented to each employee at the annual Christmas dinner. The employees were elated. They showed off their toolboxes like they were made of gold. The program was an overwhelming success, and the cost was still around $100 per employee. Our client said it was the best money they ever spent, which makes this a great promotional idea!

National Waltz Day Tavern Day - America's first tavern opened on this day in Boston in 1634. Vermont Admission Day - Vermont became the 14th state in 1791.

90

Unique Name Day (Tuesday of the first full week) - This was established in 1997 by onomatology hobbyist, Jerry Hill.

Wednesday, March 5
Day 64 301 Days Remaining Ash Wednesday 2014 – Ash Wednesday is the first day of Lent and is forty-six days before Easter. www.catholic.org/clife/lent Say Hi to Mom Day Babysitter Safety Day Stop Bad Service Day Multiple Personality Day - Multiple Personality Disorder is now known as Dissociative Identity Disorder. Learn What Your Name Means Day (Wednesday of the first full week) - This was established in 1997 by onomatology hobbyist, Jerry Hill. www.behindthename.com

Thursday, March 6
Day 65 300 Days Remaining Oreo Cookie Day - Oreo cookies were first sold 1912. National White Chocolate Cheesecake Day – White Chocolate does not contain cocoa solids. It is made with cocoa butter, sugar, milk solids and salt. It has a pale yellow or ivory appearance instead of the dark brown color of conventional chocolate, hence the name, “white” chocolate. National Frozen Food Day – This was designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. 91

www.affi.org American Frozen Food Institute Dentist's Day www.ada.org American Dental Association

Friday, March 7
Day 66 299 Days Remaining National Cereal Day - This day is to honor Dr. John Harvey Kellogg who invented Corn Flakes in 1897. www.kelloggs.com Say Hello! Day - Alexander Graham Bell patented the telephone on this day in 1876. International Women's Day - This is a day to celebrate achievements of women past and present. www.internationalwomensday.com Uppity Women Day Middle Name Pride Day (Friday of the first full week) - This was established in 1997 by onomatology hobbyist, Jerry Hill. www.behindthename.com Women's World Day of Prayer (first Friday) - This was started in 1927. The purpose is for women to become aware of other cultures, sympathize with the problems of other countries, and pray for and with them. Salesperson Day (first Friday)

Saturday, March 8
Day 67 298 Days Remaining

92

Name Your Own Holiday Day – Apparently, there are no holidays or special awareness days for this date, so you can come up with your own! Genealogy Day (Saturday of the first full week) www.ancestry.com

Sunday, March 9
Day 68 297 Days Remaining Get Over it Day™ – This is strategically held each year on March 9th, the exact midpoint between Valentine's Day and April Fool's Day. www.getoveritday.com Barbie's Birthday – On this day in 1959, the Barbie Doll was first displayed at the American International Toy Fair in New York. Barbie™ is owned by Mattel, Inc. www.barbie.com Birthday of Bobby Fischer – This chess champion was born on this day in 1943.

Armored Warships Day – The first battle between armored warships took place on this day in 1862 during the American Civil War. The ships were the Monitor and the Merrimac. Daylight Savings Time begins (second Sunday) – Turn your clocks ahead one hour. Check Your Batteries Day (second Sunday) – When daylight savings time begins, check the batteries in your smoke detectors, carbon monoxide detectors, emergency flashlights, etc. Doing so could save your life and the lives of those you love.

93

Monday, March 10
Day 69 296 Days Remaining Telephone Day - On this day in 1876 the first discernible voice message was transmitted over a telephone. Dollar Bill Day - The U.S. printed its first modern paper currency on this day in 1862. Salvation Army Day – The Salvation Army (in the United States) was founded in 1880. www.salvationarmy.org www.salvationarmyusa.org National Women and Girls HIV/AIDS Awareness Day – According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office, every 35 minutes a woman in the United States tests positive for HIV. www.womenshealth.gov Workplace Napping Day (Monday after Daylight Savings Time starts) - This was created by William and Camille Anthony in 1999 to help people adjust to the hour lost to Daylight Savings Time and to point out the benefits of napping. http://stress.about.com/od/lowstresslifestyle/a/powernap.htm

Tuesday, March 11
Day 70 Dream Day World Kidney Day www.kidney.org The National Kidney Foundation Sir Paul Day - Paul McCartney, member of the Beatles was knighted by the Queen on this day in 1997. 295 Days Remaining

94

Organize Your Home Office Day (second Tuesday) http://lifeorganizers.com/office

Wednesday, March 12
Day 71 Plant a Flower Day Alfred Hitchcock Day Girl Scout Birthday - On this day in 1912, Juliette Lowe registered the first eighteen girl members in Savannah, Georgia. www.girlscouts.org Fireside Chat Day - On this day in 1933 President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave the first of his fireside chats on the radio. 294 Days Remaining

Thursday, March 13
Day 72 293 Days Remaining Good Samaritan Involvement Day Ear-Muff Day - Ear-muffs were patented on this day in 1877 by inventor, Chester Greenwood. National Open an Umbrella Indoors Day

95

Friday, March 14
Day 73 292 Days Remaining National Potato Chip Day - Potato Chips were invented by George Crum in 1853. He was a chef who became frustrated at a customer who sent back his order of fried potatoes because they were too thick. As a joke he cut them as thin as possible and cooked them in oil. To his surprise the customer loved them and others began asking for them.

Children's Craft Day Butterflies Day Genius Day - Albert Einstein was born on this day in 1879. Pi Day - This was created in 1988 by physicist Larry Shaw. Pi, the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter, is an infinite number. Using a computer he built himself, Shigeru Kondo of Nagano Prefecture, Northern Japan, recently set a new world record by calculating the value of pi to ten trillion digits.

Saturday, March 15
Day 74 291 Days Remaining Shopping Cart Birthday - The first shopping cart was patented on this day in 1938 by Sylvan Goldman.

96

Ides of March - In the Roman calendar the 15th of March, May, July and October was known as the ides. Most likely that would be a little known fact today if not for Julius Caesar being stabbed that day after being told by a seer to 'beware the ides of March'. Maine Admission Day - Maine became the 23rd state in 1820. Birthday of President Andrew Jackson (born in 1767) - He was the seventh president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents National Quilting Day (third Saturday) - This was started in 1991 by The National Quilting Association, Inc. http://nqaquilts.org

Sunday, March 16
Day 75 290 Days Remaining Sap Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in March is called the “Sap Moon.” Some other popular names for this month’s full moon are the “Crow Moon,” “Snow Crust Moon,” or “Wind Moon.” The full moon will occur at 12:10PM CST, 17:10 UTC. Purim – A major Jewish holiday, Purim is one of the most joyous and fun holidays on the Jewish calendar. It begins at sundown tonight. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 Everything You Do is Right Day Vitamin C Day – Vitamin C was discovered in 1928. This vitamin is easy for healthy people to obtain because so many good foods contain it. Some of them are: red peppers, kiwifruit, broccoli, papaya, strawberries, oranges, kale, lemons, melons, cauliflower, grapefruits, spinach, and potatoes. Freedom of Information Day

97

Birthday of President James Madison (born in 1751) - He was the fourth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents West Point Anniversary – West Point was established in 1802 by Thomas Jefferson. www.usma.edu United States Military Academy Buzzard Day (first Sunday after the 15th) - People come to Hinckley Township, Ohio to see buzzards return from their winter migration. www.hinckleytwp.org/content/buzzard-day www.cleveland.com/hinckley-township/

Monday, March 17
Day 76 289 Days Remaining St. Patrick's Day – The Feast of Saint Patrick is a cultural and religious holiday. It is named after Saint Patrick (385 – 461AD), the most commonly recognized of the patron saints of Ireland. This was made an official Christian feast day in the early seventeenth century and is observed by the Catholic Church, the Anglican Communion Church (especially the Church of Ireland), the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Lutheran Church. The day commemorates Saint Patrick, a missionary that brought Christianity to Ireland. It has also come to be a celebration of the Irish heritage and culture in general. Celebrations generally involve public parades and festivals, céilithe, and the wearing of green clothing or shamrocks (a three-leaf clover). Christians in the afore mentioned churches also attend services, and the Lenten restrictions on drinking alcohol are lifted for the day, which has encouraged and propagated the holiday's tradition of alcohol consumption. Many restaurants, bars and pubs that cater to those of Irish desent will serve green beer on this day. Saint Patrick's Day (also known as Saint Paddy’s Day) is a public holiday in the Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland, Newfoundland, Labrador and Montserrat. It is also widely celebrated by those of Irish desent around the world, especially in Britain, Argentina, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and in the United States of America. http://www.st-patricks-day.com http://paddynotpatty.com http://gawker.com/5990788/its-st-paddys-day-not-st-pattys-day Shushan Purim – A minor Jewish holiday: Purim celebrated in Jerusalem and walled cities. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 98

Z Day – Short for Zeitgeist Day http://zdayglobal.org Rubber Band Day – The rubber band was patented on this day in England in 1845. Camp Fire Founders Day – Originally called “Camp Fire Girls,” the organization was founded on this day in 1910 by Dr. Luther H. Gulick and his wife Charlotte. It was the first non-sectarian organization for girls in the U.S. In 1975, Camp Fire became a coeducational organization. Today, they serve an essentially equal number of boys and girls. www.campfireusa.org Submarine Day Act Happy Day (third Monday) http://sohp.com Secret Society of Happy People

Tuesday, March 18
Day 77 288 Days Remaining Grandparents and Grandchildren Day Awkward Moments Day Birthday of Sparky the Fire Dog - Sparky is the mascot of National Fire Protection Association. www.nfpa.org First Space Walk Day - The first person to take a walk in space was Soviet cosmonaut, Alexei Leonov on this day in 1965. Birthday of President Grover Cleveland (born in 1908) - He was the twenty-second and twenty-fourth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents

99

Wednesday, March 19
Day 78 287 Days Remaining National Agriculture Day – Organized by the ACA (Agriculture Council of America) to recognize and celebrate the abundance provided by agriculture. Special events take place in Washington, D.C. www.agday.org National Chocolate-Covered Caramel Day Laugh Day – “A merry heart doeth good like a medicine.” – Proverbs 17:22 Birthday of Wyatt Earp - The old west lawman was born on this day in 1848. Poultry Day Swallows Return to San Juan Capistrano Day www.sanjuancapistrano.net/swallows Time Zone Day - To sort out the confusion of various states and cities using different times zones Congress adopted the Standard Time Act on this day in 1918.

Thursday, March 20
Day 79 286 Days Remaining Chicka Chicka Boom Boom Day - This is the birthday of Bill Martin, author of Chicka Chicka Boom Boom and other great children's books. Spring Equinox (also called Vernal Equinox) - This is always between March 19 and 21 and marks the first day of spring. The Sun will shine directly on the equator and there will be nearly equal amounts of day and night throughout the world. This is also the first day of spring (vernal equinox) in the northern hemisphere and the first day of fall (autumnal equinox) in the southern hemisphere. Between 2008 and 2058 it falls on the

100

20th, except for 2044, 2048, 2052 and 2056 in which it falls on the 19th. In 2007 it was on the 21st. Snowman Burning Day (first day of Spring) - This started in 1971 as a day to mark the end of winter and welcome spring. Since a real snowman will not actually burn, a snowman made from paper, with a frame of wood, wire or straw is used. www.lssu.edu/snowman Lake Superior State University Mr. Rogers Day – Birthday of Fred Rogers (March 20, 1928 – February 27, 2003), host of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. The children’s educational TV show began airing in 1968 and ran for 895 episodes until 2001. Big Bird Day – Even though he was 'born' in 1969, Big Bird is perpetually six years old. Extraterrestrial Abductions Day www.lssu.edu/snowman Alien Abduction Experience and Research National Native American HIV/AIDS Awareness Day – Initially started in 2007. www.nnaapc.org National Native American AIDS Prevention Center Zipper Day – A patent for a 'separable fastener' (later called a zipper) was granted on this day in 1917 to Gideon Sundback. Absolutely Incredible Kid Day® (third Thursday) - This was created in 1998 by Camp Fire USA to encourage adults to write letters of praise and encouragement to the children in their lives. http://campfireusa.org/aikd.aspx

Friday, March 21
Day 80 285 Days Remaining World Meteorological Day – Started in 1950, this day was originally celebrated on March 23. This year’s theme: “Watching the weather to protect life and property” subtitled “Celebrating 50 Years of World Weather Watch.” www.wmo.int World Meteorological Organization International Day of Forests – Declared by the United Nations General Assembly. This new global celebration of forests builds on the successes of the International Year of Forests in 2011, and provides a platform to raise awareness of the importance of all types of forests and of trees outside forests. Activities expected to take place on the

101

International Day include tree-planting and other community-level events, and national celebrations including art, photo and film as well as social media outreach. http://www.un.org/esa/forests/international-day-of-forests/index.html Common Courtesy Day www.notsocommoncourtesy.com Book: “not so Common Courtesy™” by Mitzi Taylor Dance Day World Poetry Day - This was designated in 1999 by the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization. www.poets.org Academy of American Poets Memory Day National Single Parent Day - This was designated by Parents Without Partners. www.parentswithoutpartners.org Fragrance Day

Saturday, March 22
Day 81 As Young as You Feel Day National Badminton Day National Goof-Off Day Roller Coaster Day - The roller coaster was patented in Coney Island, New York by La Marcus Thompson in 1884. National Sing-Out Day World Water Day - This was created in 1992 during the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development. www.unep.org United Nations Environment Programme www.unwater.org 284 Days Remaining

102

Sunday, March 23
Day 82 National Chip and Dip Day Cuddly Kitten Day www.nationalhumane.com National Humane Society Dixie Cup Birthday – Originally called the “Health Kup,” the Dixie Cup was developed by Lawrence Luellen and Hugh Moore in 1912. It became popular very quickly because of the recent discovery of germs on community drinking glasses and dippers being the source of many communicable diseases. www.dixie.com Give Me Liberty Day - Patriot Patrick Henry is most famous for a speech he gave on this day in 1775 to encourage more military action against the British. The last part of the speech was “Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, Give me Liberty, or give me Death!” www.libertyday.net Near Miss Day - On this day in 1989 a large asteroid came within 500,000 miles of the earth. Had it hit it would have created a crater the size of Washington, D.C. and destroyed everything for a hundred miles around. 283 Days Remaining

Monday, March 24
Day 83 282 Days Remaining National Chocolate-Covered Raisin Day Saint Gabriel Feast Day - This was the date chosen in 1921 when it was first included in the General Roman Calendar. In 1969 the date was changed to September 29. Saint

103

Gabriel is the patron saint of messengers - including postal, telephone, and telecommunications workers. World Tuberculosis Day - In 1904 the National Association for the Study and Prevention of Tuberculosis was created. In 1968 the name was changed to the National Tuberculosis and Respiratory Disease Association. Finally in 1973 it became the American Lung Association. www.lung.org American Lung Association

Tuesday, March 25
Day 84 281 Days Remaining Greek Independence Day – This day has been recognized as such by presidential proclamation. Pecan Day - This is the anniversary of the day in 1775 that George Washington planted pecan trees at Mount Vernon. The trees were a gift from Thomas Jefferson and supposedly some of the trees still survive today. www.ilovepecans.org National Pecan Shellers Association International Waffle Day - Eating waffles as a way to celebrate the start of spring originated in Sweden. National Medal of Honor Day - The first medal of honor was presented on this day in 1963. www.homeofheroes.com/moh/history/day.html Diabetes Alert Day (fourth Tuesday) www.diabetes.org American Diabetes Association Doctors Day (last Tuesday)

Wednesday, March 26
104

Day 85

280 Days Remaining

Johnny Appleseed Day - John Chapman, better known as Johnny Appleseed, died on this day in 1845. Birthday of Robert Frost - Robert Frost was born on this day in 1874. He was a poet who wrote The Road Not Taken, Stopping By Woods on a Snowy Evening, and many other wonderful poems. Dr. Jonas Salk Day - Salk invented the polio vaccine in 1953. Legal Assistants Day Medic Alert Birthday - The Medic Alert Foundation was founded on this day in 1956. www.medicalert.org Kids Kick Butts Day - (fourth Wednesday) www.tobaccofreekids.org Campaign for Tobacco Free Kids

Thursday, March 27
Day 86 279 Days Remaining Night of the Comet: Holmes (2014) – This comet was discovered on November 6, 1892 by British astronomer Edwin Holmes. Comet Holmes orbits our Sun once every 6.88 years. On its last pass around our neighborhood (October 23-24, 2007), as it was moving away from the Sun, it flared unexpectedly. No one is quite sure why or how this occured. Some speculate that it collided with a meteor. Others, that ice trapped in its core became heated (turned to steam) and caused the comet to partially explode. Whatever the reason, this outgassing caused the comet’s coma to briefly increase in size so that by November of 2007, Comet Holmes was the largest object in our entire solar system, even larger than the Sun! Two Polish geophysicists, Konrad Kossacki (Warsaw University) and Slawomira Szutowicz (the Polish Academy of Sciences) believe that Comet Holmes (17P/Holmes) will likely explode on its next orbit near the Sun. If so, us Earthlings will be treated to a rare celestial show! The next perihelion (the comet’s closest proximity to the Sun) of Comet Holmes will tonight. Quirky Country Music Song Titles Day Joe Day

105

Urinal Day - The urinal was patented on this day in 1866 by Andrew Rankin. Viva Viagra Day - The FDA approved Viagra on this day in 1998.

Friday, March 28
Day 87 278 Days Remaining Children's Picture Book Day Respect Your Cat Day Hot Tub Day Microfilm Day - Microfilm was invented by Benjamin Dancer of England in 1839 but not put into practical use because the film had to be read using a magnifying glass. In 1925 George McCarthy of New York patented a machine to make permanent copies of bank records. Three Mile Island Day - On this day in 1979 the Three Mile Island nuclear power plant in Middletown, Pennsylvania had a major accident when a core partially melted down.

Saturday, March 29
Day 88 277 Days Remaining Night of the Comet: Faye (2014) – This comet was discovered on November 22, 1843 by Herve Faye at the Royal Observatory in Paris. Faye was a graduate of, and eventually became a professor at, Ecole Polytechnique, one of the preeminent schools for applied mathematics in France. Comet Faye completes an orbit every 7.55 years. Its last perihelion (closest proximity to the Sun) was on November 15, 2006. It reached an apparent magnitude of 9.5. Its next perihelion will occur tonight, with an expected apparent magnitude of around 12. Smoke and Mirrors Day

106

National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day Knights of Columbus Founders Day - The first Knights of Columbus charter was granted on this day in Connecticut in 1882. www.kofc.org Knights of Columbus Birthday of President John Tyler (born in 1790) - He was the tenth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents

Sunday, March 30
Day 89 276 Days Remaining New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 1:48PM CST, 18:48 UTC.

Take a Walk in the Park Day

107

I am in Control Day - This day started in 1981 when Alexander Haig's statement of "I am in Control" after the attempted assassination President Reagan was taken out of context. Golf Course Day - The first golf course in the U.S. opened on this day in Yonkers, New York in 1889. www.golf.com Alaska Purchase Day - The territory of Alaska was purchased on this day in 1867 from Russia. The cost was 7.2 million dollars, which was less than three cents per acre. Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day - This is an opportunity to thank Vietnam Veterans. Many of them didn't get thanked when they originally served because of the controversy over the war. www.whvvd.org

Monday, March 31
Day 90 275 Days Remaining Cesar Chavez Day – This day has been recognized as such by presidential proclamation. “She's Funny That Way” Day National Clam on the Half-Shell Day American Map Day - The first map of the U.S. produced by an American cartographer was published in 1784. Bunsen Burner Day - Robert Bunsen, chemist and inventor of the Bunsen Burner, was born on this day in 1811. National Farm Workers Day National Sleep Apnea Awareness Day www.sleepapnea.org American Sleep Apnea Association

Week-Long Events in

108

MARCH
Peace Corps Week (week that includes March 1st) www.peacecorps.gov/resources/returned/thirdgoal/pcweek Severe Weather Awareness Week (date varies by state) Every business and household should have a severe weather plan and know a safe location to go to in case of a severe storm or tornado. National Write a Letter of Appreciation Week (1 - 7) National Telework Week (first full 5-day week, Monday through Friday) www.workingmother.com Biking Week (first week) www.bikeleague.org League of American Bicyclists National Chocolate Chip Cookie Week (first week) Return Borrowed Books Week (first week) If you come across any unreturned library books, no matter how far past due, go ahead amd return them today. The library will want the book back rather than to have to replace it. Most libraries have an amnesty program to either fully or partially waive the overdue fine, or will at least limit it to no more than the value of the book. Celebrate You Name Week (first full week) This was established in 1997 by onomatology hobbyist, Jerry Hill. National Foreign Language Week (first full week) This was designated by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1956. National Professional Pet Sitters Week (first full week) Read an E-Book Week (first full week) National Patient Safety Awareness Week (first full week) This was created in 2002 by The National Patient Safety Foundation. Save Your Vision Week (first full week) www.lowvision.org The Low Vision Gateway www.preventblindness.org

109

National Consumer Protection Week (first full week) www.ncpw.gov National Consumer Protection Week website www.consumer.gov

Cheerleading Week (first full week) www.varsity.com Help Someone See Week (first full week) Your old prescription glasses could be a blessing to someone who can't afford glasses. http://neweyesfortheneedy.org New Eyes for the Needy Autograph Collectors Week (first full week) Many people collect autographs of celebrities or historical figures. Human Resources Week (first full week) National School Breakfast Week (first full school week) http://schoolnutrition.org School Nutrition Association Crochet Week (second week) www.crochet.org Crochet Guild of America Pediatric Nurse Practitioner Week (second week) www.napnap.org National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners® National Problem Gambling Awareness Week (second week) www.npgaw.org www.ncpgambling.org National Council on Problem Gambling National Procrastinators Week (second week - but it's okay to celebrate the third week) www.structuredprocrastination.com Brain Awareness Week (second full week) Sponsored by The Dana Foundation, the purpose is to educate the public on the benefits of brain research. www.dana.org/brainweek Pulmonary Rehabilitation Week (second full week) www.aacvpr.org American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation Email of Appreciation Week (second full week) If you didn't have time to write a letter of appreciation last week, send an email of appreciation now.

110

National Wildlife Week (second full week) www.nwf.org National Wildlife Foundation® Conserve Water Week (second full week) It is easy to think a slow drip in a single faucet is insignificant. However just one drop every thirty seconds can add up to sixty-nine gallons a year. www.epa.gov/WaterSense WaterSense®. Girl Scout Week (week that includes the 12th) www.girlscouts.org Sunshine Week (week that includes the 16th) This week is celebrated by advocates of a more transparent government. www.sunshineweek.org Camp Fire USA Birthday Week (week that includes the 17th) The Camp Fire Girls of America was founded March 17, 1910 and incorporated March 15, 1912. The name was changed to Camp Fire USA and the program became coed in 1975. www.campfireusa.org Health Information Professionals Week (17 – 23) Formerly known as Health Information and Technology Week, AHIMA is partnering with the Canadian Health Information Management Association (CHIMA) to sponsor the event. The 24th Annual HIP Week recognizes the professionals who manage and protect our health information. www.ahima.org/events/recogweeks.aspx www.ahima.org American Health Information Management Association Sports Trivia Week (third week) National Poison Prevention Week (third week, 17 – 23) This was established by Congress in 1961. www.poisonprevention.org National Pet Poison Prevention Week (third week, 17 – 23) www.aspca.org ASPCA® National Animal Poison Prevention Week (third week, 17 – 23) American Chocolate Week (third week, 17 – 23) www.allchocolate.com Inhalants and Poisons Awareness Week (third week, 17 – 23) www.inhalants.org National Inhalant Prevention Coalition

111

Jobs for Teens Week (third week) National Anonymous Giving Week (third week) National Agriculture Week (week including the first day of spring) National Spring Fever Week (week including the first day of spring) National Clutter Awareness Week (fourth week) www.clutterersanonymous.net Clutterers Anonymous. Second-Hand Shopping Week (fourth week) www.goodwill.org National Bubble Week (fourth week) National Spring Cleaning Week (week starting the last Sunday) Root Canal Awareness Week (week starting the last Sunday) www.aae.org American Association of Endodontists National Sleep Awareness Week® (week starting the last Monday) www.sleepfoundation.org National Sleep Foundation Egg Salad Week (week starting on Easter) National Work at Home Week (last full week) www.mops.org/page.php?pageid=2527 MOPS (Mothers Of Preschoolers)

Month-Long Events in

MARCH
National Craft Month Ethics Awareness Month Ideas Month International Mirth Month International Listening Awareness Month 112

www.listen.org International Listening Association National Optimism Month Daffodil Month www.daffodilusa.org American Daffodil Society National Philatelic Society Month http://stamps.org The American Philatelic Society Youth Art Month Horse Month http://ultimatehorsesite.com The Ultimate Horse Site National Humane Education Month www.humansociety.org The Humane Society of the United States Honor Society Awareness Month www.achsnatl.org Association of College Honor Societies National Music in Our Schools Month www.nafme.org National Association for Music Education Academy Awards Month www.oscars.org The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences National Umbrella Month National Women's History Month – Designated by Congress in 1987. www.nehp.org National Women's History Project Improve Management Skills Month Irish-American Heritage Month http://irishamericanheritage.com The American Foundation for Irish Heritage On-Hold Month Parents Without Partners Month www.parentswithoutpartners.org Parents Without Partners Professional Social Work Month www.socialworkers.org National Association of Social Workers

113

National Science Month – This month emphasizes the role science plays in making us healthier and the world a better place. www.nsta.org National Science Teachers Association Small Press Month www.smallpressmonth.org Talk to Your Teens about Sex Month Chocolate Month www.allchocolate.com National Frozen Food Month www.affi.org American Frozen Food Institute National Noodle Month National Nutrition Month® www.eatright.org Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics National Peanut Month www.peanut-institute.org The Peanut Institute National Eye Donor Month - Some people who would like to donate their organs fail to communicate that to their family because they don't like to talk about (or think about) their own death. Try to think about all the lives that you may be saving. www.organdonor.gov U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Workplace Eye Safety Month www.preventblindness.org Prevent Blindness America®. National Collision Awareness Month www.roadtripamerica.com/forum/content.php?6-Defensive-Driving-Tips American Red Cross Month - This was originally designated by President Roosevelt in 1943. www.redcross.org Brain Injury Awareness Month www.biausa.org Brain Injury Association of America www.amtrauma.org American Trauma Society Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Month www.ncfsfa.org National Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Fibromyalgia Association National Colo-rectal Cancer Awareness Month

114

http://preventcancer.org Prevent Cancer Foundation www.ccalliance.org/awareness_month/index.html Colon Cancer Alliance www.cdc.gov/Features/ColorectalAwareness/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Deaf History Month Deep Vein Thrombosis Awareness Month www.mayoclinic.com/health/deep-vein-thrombosis/DS01005 National Endometriosis Awareness Month www.endocenter.org Endometriosis Research Center Hemophilia Month www.hemophilia.org National Hemophilia Foundation National Kidney Month www.kidney.org National Kidney Foundation Poison Prevention Awareness Month www.poisonprevention.org Mental Retardation Awareness Month www.thearc.org The Arc™ (formerly Association for Retarded Citizens of the United States) For people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. National Multiple Sclerosis Education and Awareness Month www.nationalmssociety.org National Multiple Sclerosis Society National Rosacea Awareness Month www.rosacea.org National Rosacea Society Save Your Vision Month www.lowvision.org The Low Vision Gateway www.preventblindness.org Vulvar Health Month www.vaginaverite.com

115

APRIL
~ April 2014 ~
Sun Mon 1 Tue 2 Wed 3 Thu 4 Fri 5 Sat 6 7 8 9 10 11 12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

Notes:

116

Flower - Daisy (signifies loyalty, playfulness and tenacity) Alternate Flower - Sweet Pea Birthstone - Diamond (signifies innocence) Name Origin - named for Aphrodite, Greek goddess of love and beauty

Tuesday, April 1
Day 91 April Fool's Day National Atheist Day www.livingwaters.com No More Dishpan Hands Day - The predecessor of modern dishwashers was invented by Josephine Cochrane in 1886. The company she created to produce the machines eventually became KitchenAid. Josephine was the granddaughter of John Fitch, inventor of the steamboat. International Tatting Day 274 Days Remaining

Wednesday, April 2
Day 92 273 Days Remaining International Children's Book Day - This have been celebrated since 1967 on the birthday of author, Hans Christian Andersen, who was born in 1805. www.ibby.org International Board on Books for Young People National Peanut Butter and Jelly Day http://peanutbutterlovers.com http://peanut-butter.org 117

http://baking.about.com/od/peanutbutter/r/gourmetsandwich.htm Gourmet PB&J Great Lovers Day - This is the birthday of Casanova. Reconciliation Day - This has been promoted by Ann Landers in her column since 1989. Reach out to friends and family members that you have had a falling out with and try to reestablish your previous relationship. Mint Day - The Coinage Act that proclaimed the establishment of the United States Mint became law on this day in 1792. Philadelphia was the nation's capital at that time so the first mint was built there. Paraprofessional Appreciation Day (first Wednesday) - This was originally designated by the governor of Missouri and the focus is on education paraprofessionals.

Thursday, April 3
Day 93 272 Days Remaining National Chocolate Mousse Day American Circus Day - The first circus in the U.S. opened in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on this day in 1793. Find a Rainbow Day Pony Express Day - The Pony Express, operating between St. Joseph, Missouri and Sacramento, California, started on this day in 1860. www.xphomestation.com Pony Express Home Station TV Guide Birthday - TV Guide was first published on this day in 1953. Tweed Day - This is the birthday of corrupt politician, William 'Boss' Tweed.

118

Friday, April 4
Day 94 Cordon Bleu Day Homogenized Milk Day - Auguste Gaulin was granted a patent for a milk homogenization machine in 1892 but homogenized milk wasn't sold commercially until 1919. International Firefighters' Day - This was started in 1999 by JJ Edmondson of Australia. This is the feast day of Saint Florian, the patron saint of firefighters. www.firefightersday.org Ballroom Dance Day - This is the birthday of Arthur Murray, whose show helped popularize ballroom dancing. www.ballroomdancers.com Tell a Lie Day Learn to Read a Road Map Day Microsoft Birthday - Microsoft was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen on this day in 1975. www.microsoft.com Walk Around Things Day School Librarian Day www.ala.org/aasi/ American Association of School Librarians Hug a Newsman/Newswoman Day First Woman Mayor Day – When Susanna Madora Salter was elected mayor of Argonia, Kansas in 1887, she became the first woman mayor in the United States. www.kancoll.org/khq/1954/54_3_billington.htm http://mail.sumnercomm.net/~argonia/museum.htm Walk to Work Day (first Friday) - This was created in 2004 by Prevention magazine. Hospital Admitting Clerks Day (first Friday) 271 Days Remaining

119

Student Government Day (first Friday)

Saturday, April 5
Day 95 Bell Bottoms Day Dandelion Day Go For Broke Day 4-leaf clover Lady Luck Day – Fortuna was the Roman goddess of fortune and luck. Perhaps this is how luck became personified as a woman in the term, “Lady Luck.” Easter Island Day - This island with its gigantic stone carvings was discovered on this day (Easter) in 1722. www.smithsonianmag.com/people-places/The_Mystery_of_Easter_Island.html Alcohol-Free Weekend (first weekend) www.ncadd.org National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, Inc. 270 Days Remaining

Sunday, April 6
Day 96 269 Days Remaining Army Day - This is the anniversary of the day the U.S. entered into WWI. www.defense.gov/afd/army.aspx TV Dinner Day – TV Dinners were invented by Gerry Thomas in 1954. The original dinners were Swanson brand. www.swansonmeals.com

120

Twinkies Day – Twinkies were first baked on this day in 1930. The original Twinkies had a banana cream filling. When bananas were rationed during WWII they changed to a cream filling. It was more popular so they never changed back. Hostess Brands Inc., the owner of the Twinkie brand, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in late 2012. The brand was purchased by private equity firms Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos & Co. under the Hostess Brand name. The yellow cakes with creamy white filling returned to grocery store shelves on July 15, 2013, much to the delight of its devoted fans. www.twinkiesproject.com/ www.twinkies.org www.twinkies.com Jump Over Things Day - Don't walk around things today, unless they are higher than you can jump, of course! Barney and Friends Day - The show premiered on this day in 1992. www.barney.com Post-It® Notes Day - In 1968 Dr. Spencer Silver was trying to invent a strong adhesive for his employer 3M. Instead he came up with a seemingly useless weak adhesive. In 1974, Arthur Fry, another 3M employee, started working on ways to use the adhesive. Post-it Notes first went on sale in 1980 and one year later were the company’s bestselling product. Ten years later they were one of the five top-selling office supply products in the U.S. www.post-it.com Surviving Rejection Day North Pole Discovery Day - Though this has been disputed over the years, Robert Peary is usually credited with being the first person to reach the North Pole on this day in 1909. Tartan Day - This is a holiday for all Americans of Scottish descent. www.tartanday.org www.tartandayscotland.com Teflon® Day - Teflon® was discovered on this day in 1938 by Dr. Roy Plunkett while working on totally unrelated research. www.dupont.com/Teflon/en_US/

Monday, April 7
121

Day 97 Caramel Popcorn Day Coffee Cake Day

268 Days Remaining

Empowered Women Entrepreneurs Day World Health Day www.who.int/world-health-day/en/ World Health Organization International Fun at Work Day (first Monday) Sweet Potato Day (first Monday)

Tuesday, April 8
Day 98 All is Ours Day Milk in Glass Bottles Day - On this day in 1879 milk was first sold in glass bottles. Up until that time milk was put into whatever container the customer brought to the seller. Zoo Lovers Day www.aza.org Association of Zoos and Aquariums Hank Aaron Day - In 1974 Hank Aaron broke Babe Ruth's record by hitting his 715th home run. Tutor Appreciation Day International Holocaust Remembrance Day - This day commemorates the Warsaw ghetto uprising in 1943. www.ushmm.org United States Holocaust Memorial Museum 267 Days Remaining

122

Wednesday, April 9
Day 99 266 Days Remaining Listening Day www.listen.org International Listening Association Public Library Day - There are many different libraries that claim to be the first public library in the U.S. and other countries. This is the day the first 'publicly-funded' library opened in Peterborough, New Hampshire in 1833. Dry Milk Day - Various types of dried or powdered milk were experimented with over the years but the first U.S. patent was issued to Samuel Percy on this day in 1872. Astronauts Day

Thursday, April 10
Day 100 265 Days Remaining Encourage a Young Writer Day National Siblings Day Golfer's Day - The first PGA Golf Championship was held in 1916. www.golf.com ASPCA® Day - The American Society of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was chartered on this day in 1866. www.aspca.org Safety Pin Day - The safety pin was patented on this day in 1849 by Walter Hunt. National Alcohol Screening Day® (Thursday of the first full week) www.mentalhealthscreening.org/events/national-alcohol-screening-day.aspx

123

Friday, April 11
Day 101 Write Your Memoirs Day Cheese Fondue Day Barbershop Quartet Day - On this day in 1938 the Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barbershop Quartet Singing in America was founded. Eight-Track Tape Day 264 Days Remaining

Saturday, April 12
Day 102 263 Days Remaining Reach as High as You Can Day National Licorice Day Civil War Anniversary - The Civil War started on this day in 1861.

Sunday, April 13
Day 103 262 Days Remaining Palm Sunday (Sunday before Easter)

124

Birthday of President Thomas Jefferson – Thomas Jefferson (April 13, 1743 – July 4, 1826) was the third president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents Look Up at the Sky Day – Sometimes listed as April 12. www.starhustler.com Scrabble Day – Scrabble was created in 1938 by Alfred Butts. www.scrabble.com International Plant Appreciation Day U.S. Elephant Day – On this day in 1796 the first elephant was imported into the United States from India. Special Librarians Day – This was created in 1991 by The Special Libraries Association. It was discontinued in 2006 and replaced with Global Information Ethics Day in 2009. www.sla.org Special Libraries Association National Atheist Day – Birthday of Christopher Hitchens (April 13, 1949 – December 15, 2011). Hitchens was a British and American author and journalist, contributing to many publications and writing twelve books during his career spanning four decades. He was an ardent and outspoken atheist or “antitheist,” a term he coined himself. www.thinkatheist.com/events/national-atheist-day

Monday, April 14
Day 104 261 Days Remaining Pan American Day – On this day in 1890, the First International Conference of American States adopted a resolution forming what is now known as the Organization of American States (OAS). The original member countries include Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, the United States, Uruguay, and Venezuela. Since 1967, 14 more countries have joined: Barbados, Trinidad and Tobago, Jamaica, Grenada, Suriname, Dominica, St. Lucia, Antigua and Barbuda, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, the Bahamas, St. Kitts and Nevis, Canada, Belize, and Guyana. The purpose of the OAS, which has remained basically unchanged since that time, is to strengthen peace and security in the Western Hemisphere by promoting understanding 125

among the various countries of North, Central, and South America. The International Union of American Republics (now called the Pan American Union)—the central permanent agency and general secretariat of the OAS—designated April 14 as Pan American Day in 1930, and it was first observed the following year. Although each member country holds its own celebration, it is at the Pan American Union building in Washington, D.C., that one of the largest observances takes place. Students from all over the Western Hemisphere travel to Washington where, against a backdrop of flags in the courtyard of the House of the Americas, they perform a program of folk songs and dances. Ceremonies are also held in Miami and in other cities with large populations from Latin American countries. www.oas.org Organization of American States Start of Passover (April 14 – April 22) – Passover begins at sundown. International Moment of Laughter Day – This day was created by speaker, author and 'humorologist', Izzy Gesell. www.izzyg.com/content/International_Moment_of_Laughter_April_14th/1002 Children with Alopecia Day http://childrensalopeciaproject.org Children's Alopecia Project Secret Service Anniversary – The United States Secret Service was created on this day in 1865 by President Abraham Lincoln.

Tuesday, April 15
Day 105 260 Days Remaining Grass Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. This full moon was known by early Native American tribes as the Full Pink Moon because it marked the appearance of the moss pink, or wild ground phlox, which is one of the first spring flowers. This moon has also been known as the Sprouting Grass Moon and the Growing Moon. The full moon will occur at 2:45AM CST, 07:45 UTC.

126

Pesach (Passover) – A major Jewish holiday, Passover (the Feast of Unleavened Bread) commemorates the Exodus, when the Hebrews left the bondage of Egypt. The holiday begins at sundown tonight and is celebrated for seven or eight days. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 McDonald's Birthday - The first McDonald's was opened on this day in 1955 in Des Plaines, Illinois. www.mcdonalds.com No Fast Food Day Take a Wild Guess Day - This was created by Jim Barber. www.thebarbershop.com Rubber Eraser Day - The first pencil with eraser was patented on this day in 1858. Tax Day aka Freak-Out Day www.irs.gov Income Tax Return Preparers and Accountants Day Jackie Robinson Day – On this day in 1947, Jackie Robinson became the first AfricanAmerican in major-league baseball. First commemorated in 2004. Birthday of Leonardo da Vinci (born in 1452) http://legacy.mos.org/leonardo/ Museum of Science Gallaudet Day – The first U.S. public school for the deaf was founded on this day in 1817 in Hartford, Connecticut by Thomas Gallaudet and Laurent Clerc. Titanic Remembrance Day - The Titanic sank on this day in 1912. www.titanic-facts.com

Wednesday, April 16
Day 106 National Eggs Benedict Day National Stress Awareness Day www.webmd.com/balance/stress-management/stress-management-relieving-stress 259 Days Remaining

127

Home Run Times Three Day - On this day in 1984, Dave Kingman of the Oakland A's hit three home runs including a grand slam.

Thursday, April 17
Day 107 258 Days Remaining Ford Mustang Birthday - Mustangs were introduced to the public on this day in 1964. Since it was in the middle of the normal car model year it is often referred to as a '64 1/2 model. Horse Day - Horses were first imported into the colonies on this day in 1629. Technically these were not the first horses in North America. Fossil records prove that there were horses here as far back as 55-million years ago that eventually became extinct around 7,000 BC. http://ultimatehorsesite.com National Cheese Ball Day Nosy Neighbor Appreciation Day

Friday, April 18
Day 108 257 Days Remaining Good Friday (Friday before Easter) National Animal Cracker Day International Jugglers Day (aka Multi-Task Day) Make a Quilt Day

128

National Columnists Day – This was started in 1995 and is sponsored by The National Society of Newspaper Columnists. On this day in 1945, journalist Ernie Pyle was shot by a Japanese sniper near the front lines. Ernie Pyle was a Pulitzer Prize winner. www.columnists.com/tag/national-columnists-day/ Great San Francisco Earthquake Anniversary – The Great San Francisco Earthquake occurred on this day in 1906. www.sfmuseum.org/1906/06.html The Virtual Museum of the City of San Francisco. Laundromat Day - On this day in 1934 the first self-service laundromat opened in Fort Worth, Texas. It was first called a “washeteria.”

Saturday, April 19
Day 109 256 Days Remaining Garlic Day – For centuries, garlic was believed to possess supernatural and/or medicinal properties. Revolutionary War Anniversary - The battles of Lexington and Concord on this day in 1775 were the beginning of the Revolutionary War. www.historycentral.com/Revolt/ Oklahoma City Bombing Commemoration Day - On this day in 1995 Timothy McVeigh detonated an explosive-filled truck just outside the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Eventually 168 people died as a result, including nineteen small children. More than 680 people were injured. www.oklahomacitynationalmemorial.org Oklahoma National Memorial and Museum. Husband Appreciation Day (third Saturday) Auctioneers Day (third Saturday) www.auctioneers.org National Auctioneers Association YMCA Healthy Kids Day (third Saturday) www.ymca.net

129

Sunday, April 20
Day 110 255 Days Remaining Easter (Easter is always a Sunday between Mar 22 and Apr 25) Virginia History Day – Virginia History Day is a history competition for students in grades six through twelve. It is conducted at district and state levels in conjunction with the Kenneth E. Behring National History Day program. www.history.org/history/teaching/vahisday.cfm www.history.org/History/teaching/whatnhd.cfm National Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Day Look Alike Day Volunteer Recognition Day www.volunteermatch.org

Monday, April 21
Day 111 254 Days Remaining Chocolate-Covered Cashew Day Lyrids Meteor Shower – The Lyrids are an average shower, usually producing about 20 meteors per hour at their peak. These meteors can produce bright dust trails that last for several seconds. The shower usually peaks on April 21 & 22, although some meteors can be visible from April 16 - 25. The gibbous moon could be a problem this year, hiding many of the fainter meteors in its glare. It will set before sunrise, providing a short window of dark skies. Look for meteors radiating from the constellation of Lyra after midnight. Birthday of Charlotte Bronte – Charlotte Bronte was born on this day in 1916. She is the author of the fiction novel Jane Eyre.

130

World Puppetry Day – This was started in 1998. www.unima-usa.org Union Internationale de la Marionnette -USA Kindergarten Day – Friedrich Froebel was born on this day in 1782. He founded the first Kindergarten in Germany in 1837. www.recess.ufl.edu/transcripts/2005/0425.shtml Tuna Rights Day Patriots' Day (third Monday) - This is in observance of the first battles of the Revolutionary War on April 19, 1775.

Tuesday, April 22
Day 112 253 Days Remaining Earth Day - The first Earth Day was celebrated in 1970. www.earthday.org Earth Day Network April Showers Day Jelly Bean Day Girl Scout Leader Appreciation Day www.girlscouts.org Oklahoma Day - On this day in 1889 the Oklahoma Territory was opened for settlement. The land was previously part of Indian (Native American) Territory. School Bus Drivers Day (fourth Tuesday)

Wednesday, April 23
Day 113 252 Days Remaining

131

World Book Night US – Each year, thirty books are chosen by an independent panel of librarians and booksellers. The authors of the books waive their royalties and the publishers agree to pay the costs of producing the specially-printed World Book Night U.S. editions. Bookstores and libraries sign up to be community host locations for the volunteer book givers. After the book titles are announced, members of the public apply to personally hand out twenty copies of a particular title in their community. The deadline to apply to be a distributor is January 5, 2014. http://www.us.worldbooknight.org Cherry Cheesecake Day Electric Mixer Birthday - The electric mixer was invented by Herbert Johnston in 1908. It was sold by KitchenAid. Take a Chance Day International Sing-Out Day (this is also celebrated on September 15) Fire Drill Day – Have an escape route and plan prepared and practiced at home and at work. www.usfa.fema.gov/kids/flash.shtm Home Run Day – Hank Aaron hit his first home run on this day in 1954. To Be or Not To Be Day - William Shakespeare was born on this day in 1564. Birthday of President James Buchanan (born in 1791) - He was the fifteenth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ Administrative Professionals Day® (Wednesday of the last full week) – This was formerly called Secretary's Day. Sponsored by IAAP (International Association of Administrative Professionals®). April 21-27 is Administrative Professionals Week®. www.iaap-hq.org/events/apw

Thursday, April 24
Day 114 251 Days Remaining Pig in a Blanket Day - This was designated by the American Farm Bureau Foundation. www.agfoundation.org

132

Ambivalence Day – I didn’t even realize there was such a day. Library of Congress - The Library of Congress was established on this day in 1800.

Friday, April 25
Day 115 250 Days Remaining National Zucchini Bread Day National Crayola Day www.crayola.com Partial Lunar Eclipse – The eclipse will be visible throughout most of Africa, Europe, Asia, and Australia. World Penguin Day - This marks the annual northward migration of penguins which happens each year on or around this day. Penguins do not fly. Rather, they walk, or waddle their way to and from. Plumbers Day License Plates Birthday - New York became the first state to require license plates in 1901. Originally people had to make their own until Massachusetts and West Virginia started issuing plates in 1903. The plates were various sizes, causing problems for automobile manufacturers and motorist. It was not until 1957 that a standard size was agreed upon. Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day (fourth Thursday) http://www.daughtersandsonstowork.org World Meningitis Day (fourth Friday) http://comoonline.org CoMO (Confederation of Meningitis Organisations, Inc.) Hairball Awareness Day (last Friday)

133

Saturday, April 26
Day 116 National Static Cling Day National Pretzel Day Audubon Day - John James Audubon was born on this day in 1785. He is most known for his wonderful bird portraits. www.audubon.org Hug a Prom Sponsor Day Richter Scale Day - Charles F. Richter was born on this day in 1900. He invented the Richter Scale in 1935 to measure the seismic waves produced by an earthquake. The measurement is on a scale of zero to nine with each number increase being ten times greater in magnitude. National Arbor Day - (last Friday) This was created by J. Sterling Morton in 1972 of Nebraska. National Arbor Day was designated as the last Friday of the month of April in 1970 by President Richard Nixon. Arbor Day is celebrated on different dates in different states and countries. Check the date for your state here: www.arborday.org/arborday/arbordaydates.cfm www.arborday.org The Arbor Day Foundation® 249 Days Remaining

Sunday, April 27
Day 117 Tell a Story Day Birthday of Roger Hornsby - Baseball player, Roger Hornsby, was born on this day in 1896. 248 Days Remaining

134

Birthday of President Ulysses S. Grant (born in 1822) - He was the eighteenth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/

Monday, April 28
Day 118 247 Days Remaining Holocaust Memorial Day (Yom HaShoah) – Holocaust Remembrance Day, or Holocaust Day, is observed as Israel's day of commemoration for the approximately six million Jews and five million others who perished in the Holocaust as a result of the actions carried out by Nazi Germany and its accessories, and for the Jewish resistance during that period. In Israel, it is a national memorial day and public holiday. It was inaugurated on 1953, anchored by a law signed by the Prime Minister of Israel David Ben-Gurion and the President of Israel Yitzhak Ben-Zvi. It is held on the 27th of Nisan (April/May), unless the 27th is adjacent to Shabbat (Sabbath), in which case the date is shifted by a day. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 Kiss Your Mate Day Poetry Reading Day www.poets.org/page.php/prmID/41 Academy of American Poets Maryland Admission Day – Maryland became the 7th state in 1788. Birthday of President James Monroe (born in 1758) – He was the fifth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/

Tuesday, April 29
Day 119 246 Days Remaining

135

Dance Day - This day was designated in 1982 by the International Dance Council to commemorate the birthday of Jean-Georges Noverre, the creator of modern ballet. He was born on this day in 1727. www.cid-portal.org/site/index.php/dance-day National Shrimp Scampi Day New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 1:17AM CST, 06:17 UTC.

Berlin Wall Day - On this day in 1990 wrecking cranes started tearing down the Berlin Wall at Brandenburg Gate. Teach Children to Save Day (last Tuesday) www.teachchildrentosave.com

Wednesday, April 30
Day 120 245 Days Remaining

136

Dare to Live Day – “Life expands or contracts in direct proportion to one's courage.” – Anais Nin National Honesty Day - This was created by M. Hirsh Goldberg, author of The Book of Lies. National Oatmeal Cookie Day Raisin Day www.sun-maid.com Sun-Maid® Hairstylist Appreciation Day Mr. Potato Head Day - Mr. Potato Head was first sold on this day in 1952 by the Hassenfeld Brothers (later called Hasbro). Originally only the plastic features were included to use with real potatoes or other fruits and vegetables. In 1964 the brown plastic potato head was first included because of concerns about the sharp points needed to poke the parts in real potatoes. www.mrpotatohead.net The Mr. Potato Head Collector's Page Vietnam War End Anniversary - The fall of Saigon was on this day in 1975. Louisiana Admission Day – Louisiana became the 18th state in 1812. www.louisianahistory.org Leaders are Readers Day (Tuesday of National Family Reading Week)

Guide Dog Day (last Wednesday) www.guidedogs.com Guide Dogs for the Blind National Walk@Lunch Day (last Wednesday) - This was created by Blue Cross Blue Shield. www.bcbs.com/why-bcbs/walkingworks/national-walklunch-day.html

Week-Long Events in

APRIL
Egg Salad Week (week starting on Easter) Laugh at Work Week (1 - 7) This was created by Randall Munson. 137

Medication Safety Week (1 - 7) This was designated by the Woman's Heart Foundation. Be sure your doctors know what medications you were prescribed by other doctors. www.womensheart.org Testicular Cancer Awareness Week (1 - 7) www.tcaw.org Testicular Cancer Awareness Week http://tcrc.acor.org Testicular Cancer Resource Center Golden Rule Week (first week) “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.” A paraphrase of Luke 6:31. National Read a Road Map Week (first full week) The best way to start is to get a map of an area you are already familiar with. National Public Health Week (week starting the first Monday) www.apha.org American Public Health Association www.nphw.org National Public Health Week Explore Your Career Options Week (first full week) Before looking elsewhere, check opportunities to move up in your current company. National Week of the Ocean (first full week) www.national-week-of-the-ocean.org National Week of the Ocean, Inc. Women's Nutrition Week (starts Monday of the first full week) www.eatright.org American Dietetic Association National Library Week (second full week) This was started in 1958 by the American Library Association. www.ala.org American Library Association Landscape Architecture Week (second full week) www.asla.org American Society of Landscape Architects ESTEME Week (second full week) ESTEME stands for Excellence in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Education. www.nsf.gov/od/lpa/nstw/ Week of the Young Child (second full week) This was created in 1971 by the National Association for the Education of Young Children. www.naeyc.org

138

Design Drafting Week (second full work week) www.adda.org The American Design Drafting Association National Work Zone Awareness Week 2014 (7 – 11) The 2014 National Work Zone Awareness Week will be held April 7-11, 2014 in Seattle, Washington. The national kick-off event rotates to a different state outside of the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area every other year. Washington State was selected among 11 applicants as the 2014 host kick-off state. www.atssa.com/Events/NationalWorkZoneAwarenessWeek.aspx American Traffic Safety Services Association World Creativity and Innovations Week (15 – 21) In honor of innovator, Leonardo da Vinci, this week starts on his birthday. www.creativityday.org http://worldcreativity.wordpress.com/ National Volunteer Week 2014 (6 – 13) This is always in April but the date varies. Future dates: April 12 – 15, 2015; April 10 – 17, 2016. www.handsonnetwork.org Hands On Network National Crime Victims' Rights Week (6-12, 2014) This is always in April but the days vary. This year’s theme: “30 Years: Restoring the Balance of Justice.” http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/ovc/awareness/about_ncvrw.html http://www.ojp.usdoj.gov/ovc/grants/pdftxt/FY2014_NCVRW_Resource_Guide.pdf http://crime.about.com/od/victimsrightsbystate/Crime_Victims_Rights_by_State.htm Consumer Awareness Week (third week) www.usa.gov/topics/consumer.shtml Assistant Principals week (third week) This was designate by the National Association of Secondary School Principals. www.nassp.org Young People's Poetry Week (third week) www.cbcbooks.org Children's Book Council Organize Your Files Week (third week) Every hour you spend organizing papers will likely cut down many hours of looking for things later. www.organizeyourfiles.com TV Turn-off Week (third week) – This is also celebrated in September. Now that the weather has warmed up, it is a good time to explore outside activities. www.screentime.org Center for Screen-Time Awareness www.2013tv.org/tv-turnoff-week/4021

139

Public School Volunteer Week™ (third full week) – A time for parents to volunteer their time at their child’s school. http://www.projectappleseed.org/abc.html Cowboy Poetry Week (third full week) – This was created by CowboyPoetry.com in 1991. www.cowboypoetry.com National Park Week (third full week) This was first proclaimed in 1991 by President George Bush. www.nrpa.org National Recreation and Park Association Minority Cancer Awareness Week (third full week) This was designated by Congress in 1987. www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/disparities Cancer Health Disparities Organ and Tissue Donor Awareness Week (third full week) Some people who want to donate their organs don't tell their family because they don't like to talk about (or think about) their own death. Instead think about the lives you could save. www.OrganDonor.gov RV Lifestyle Week (fourth week) www.rvlifestyleexperts.com Scoop the Poop Week (fourth week) If you love your dogs, please clean up after them so no one will want to restrict or outlaw them in your apartment complex or neighborhood. www.apaws.org Association of Professional Animal Waste Specialists National Infant Immunization Week (starts the fourth Sunday) www.cdc.gov/vaccines/events/niam/default.htm The Center for Disease Control and Prevention. Electronic Communications Week (fourth work week) Playground Safety Week (last week) This was created by the National Program for Playground Safety. www.playgroundsafety.org Karaoke Week (last full week) Administrative Professionals Week (last full week) This was created in 1952 as National Secretaries Week. www.iaap-hq.org International Association of Administrative Professionals

140

Police Officers Who Gave Their Lives in the Line of Duty Week (last full week) National Family Reading Week (week ending the first Saturday of May)

Month-Long Events in

APRIL
Foot Health Month www.cdc.gov/Features/DiabetesFootHealth/ Daffynitions Month www.joe-ks.com/daffynitions.htm Informed Women Month http://informedwomen.org Couple Appreciation Month Appreciate Diversity Month http://imdiversity.com Straw Hat Month www.hathistory.org National Guitar Month National Humor Month – “We do not stop laughing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop laughing.” – Michael Pritchard National Kite Month www.nationalkitemonth.org National Poetry Month www.poets.org/page.php/prmID/41 The Academy of American Poets Card and Letter Writing Month www.letterwritingguide.com National Frog Month www.frogs.org Amphibian Conservation Alliance

141

Animal Cruelty Prevention Month www.aspca.org American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Pet First Aid Awareness Month www.healthypet.com/PetCare/PetCareArticle.aspx?title=Pet_First_Aid Zoo and Aquarium Month www.aza.org Association of Zoos and Aquariums World Habitat Awareness Month – Started by the PALS (Protecting and Preserving Animalkind, Living Habitats and Spiritual Unity) Foundation. The PALS Foundation extends a helping hand to educate and inspire a commitment to protect and preserve wildlife and their natural habitats. www.pals.r8.org Boost Your Hometown Month – Many small towns are deteriorating because people work, shop and pursue recreational activities in larger cities near by. When you need to buy something or need entertainment try looking closer to home first. Community Spirit Month Home Decorating Month http://interiordec.about.com/ Interior decorating ideas. Home Inspection Month www.homeinspector.org/news/details.aspx?id=55 Keep America Beautiful Month www.kab.org Keep America Beautiful National Lawn and Garden Month www.nationalgardenmonth.org Woodworking Month http://nationalwoodworking.com/tag/national-woodworking-month/ Tackle Your Clutter Month www.clutterersanonymous.net Clutterers Anonymous National Recycling Month – This was designated by President George Bush in 1989. Customer Loyalty Month School Library Media Month www.ala.org/aasl/ American Association of School Librarians

142

Car Care Month www.carcare.org Mathematics Education Month www.nctm.org National Council of Teachers of Mathematics Month of the Military Child – Designated by the Department of Defense in 1986. www.monthofthemilitarychild.org Leave a Legacy® Month – As designated by the Governor of Michigan to encourage people to remember their favorite charities in their wills. www.leavealegacy.org Southern Belles Month Amateur Radio Month – Amateur radios are also known as ham radios. www.arrl.org American Radio Relay League National Welding Month www.aws.org American Welding Society. Workplace Conflict Awareness Month www.chacocanyon.com/wcam.shtml Holocaust Victims Remembrance Month www.historyplace.com/worldhistory/genocide/holocaust.htm The History Place™ Grilled Cheese Sandwich Month www.ilovecheese.com American Dairy Association Pecan Month www.ilovepecans.org National Pecan Shellers Association National Soft Pretzel Month Bike Safety Month www.bicyclesafe.com Women's Eye Health and Safety Month™ www.preventblindness.org Prevent Blindness America®. Sports Eye Safety Month www.geteyesmart.org eyeSmart® www.preventblindness.org/safety/sportspage1.html National Child Abuse Prevention Month

143

www.preventchildabuse.org National Facial Protection Month www.aaoms.org American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons National Youth Sports Safety Month www.nyssf.org National Youth Sports Safety Foundation California Earthquake Preparedness Month www.calema.ca.gov California Emergency Management Agency Prevent Injuries Month Home Improvement Safety Month www.workbench-ideas.com/safety-tips.html Alcohol Awareness Month www.ncadd.org National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence National Autism Awareness Month www.autism-society.org Autism Society www.autismspeaks.org Autism Speaks National Cancer Control Month – This was designated by the U.S. Senate in 2004. http://oncolink.org Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania www.cancer.org American Cancer Society www.cancer.net American Society of Clinical Oncology Cesarean Awareness Month www.americanpregnancy.org/labornbirth/cesareanprocedure.html Counseling Awareness Month www.counseling.org American Counseling Association Foot Health Awareness Month www.apma.org American Podiatric Medical Association www.foot.com Irritable Bowel Syndrome Month www.aboutibs.org International Foundation for Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders Occupational Therapy Month www.aota.org The American Occupational Therapy Association, Inc. Parkinson's Awareness Month www.parkinson.org National Parkinson Foundation

144

www.parkinsonsaction.org Parkinson's Action Network National Sarcoidosis Awareness Month www.nationalsarcoidosisfriends.org National Sarcoidosis Society Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month www.nsvrs.org National Sexual Violence Resource Center www.rainn.org Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network. National STD Awareness and Education Month www.cdc.gov/std/sam/ Stress Awareness Month www.webmd.com/balance/stress-management/stress-management-relieving-stress Testicular Cancer Awareness Month http://tcrc.acor.org Testicular Cancer Resource Center

145

~ May 2014 ~
Sun Mon Tue Wed 1 Thu 2 Fri 3 Sat

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11 Mother's Day 12

13

14

15

16

17 Armed Forces
Day

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26 Memorial Day 27

28

29

30

31

146

Flower - Lily of the Valley (signifies humility and sweetness) Alternate Flower - Hawthorne Birthstone - Emerald (signifies love and success) Name Origin - named for Maia, Italian goddess of spring

Thursday, May 1
Day 121 244 Days Remaining Law Day – Proclaimed by President Dwight Eisenhower in 1958 (Presidential Proclamation). www.amercianbar.org American Bar Association Loyalty Day – First observed in 1921 as Americanization Day, this is a special day for people to reaffirm their loyalty to the United States and to recognize the heritage of American freedom. Proclaimed by Presidential Proclamation. May Day – Originally this was the festival of Flora, the Roman Goddess of flowers. Each year, Heritage Preservation encourages cultural institutions to do one simple activity in honor of MayDay, a national campaign to promote emergency preparedness www.heritagepreservation.org/programs/tflessons/MayDay.html Mother Goose Day – Founded in 1987 by author, Gloria T. Delamar. www.librarysupport.net/mothergoosesociety/ The Mother Goose Society Chocolate Parfait Day Cheerios Day – Cheerios were first sold in on this day in 1941. www.cheerios.com New Homeowners Day www.newhomeownerguide.com Amtrak's Birthday – On this day in 1971 Amtrak took over the passenger train operations for eighteen railroad lines. www.amtrak.com

147

Empire State Building Birthday – On this day in 1931, President Hoover pressed a button in Washington, DC, which turned on the Empire State Building's lights and officially opened the building. The building originally was 1,250 feet tall. For its twentieth anniversary, the Empire State Building received a new antenna for television, FM radio, and emergency broadcasting. The new antenna made the building 217 feet higher, for a total official height of 1,467 feet. www.esbnyc.com Lei Day – One of the most common flowers used in leis are orchids. In Hawaii they celebrate Lei Day instead of May Day. It is a time to celebrate Native Hawaiian culture. http://www1.honolulu.gov/parks/programs/leiday/index.htm Frequent Flyer Day www.flyertalk.com Labor Day – Mexico, Canada and other countries outside the U.S. celebrate Labor Day on this day. School Principals Day – http://www.wallacefoundation.org/knowledge-center/school-leadership/effectiveprincipal-leadership/Pages/The-School-Principal-as-Leader-Guiding-Schools-to-BetterTeaching-and-Learning.aspx Wagons Ho! Day - The first wagon train left Independence, Missouri for California on this day in 1841. National Day of Prayer (first Thursday) – Designated by Congress in 1952 as a day for our nation to pray. http://nationaldayofprayer.org National Day of Reason (first Thursday) - This is a day to celebrate rational thinking. It is often celebrated with blood drives, donations to food banks and other activities that help society. http://nationaldayofreason.org

Friday, May 2
Day 122 243 Days Remaining

148

School Lunch Superhero Day (first Friday) – Children’s Choice Book Award-winning Graphic Novelist Jarrett J. Krosoczka invites the world to pay tribute to school food service staff. http://thejjkblog.blogspot.com/2013/07/save-dateschool-lunch-superhero-day-2014.html Sibling Appreciation Day – Make a list of what you appreciate about your siblings, then e-mail it to them. National Baby Day – We are not sure about the origin of this day, but it could be because Dr. Benjamin Spock was born on this day in 1903. Truffles Day - There is conflicting information about this day. Some sites indicate it is about Chocolate Truffle confections. Others say it is about the gourmet mushroom. International Tuba Day (first Friday) www.tubaday.com

Saturday, May 3
Day 123 Wordsmith Day http://wordsmith.org Pregnancy Fitness Awareness Day - This was created by author and feminist, Karen Bridson. http://pregnancyfitness.net www.bodyawarenesspt.com/pregnancy-fitness http://withawareness.com/yoga/prenatal-yoga www.inspire.com/groups/diet-and-fitness/discussion/pregnancy-body-awareness-andfitness www.healthguidance.org/entry/16034/1/Benefits-of-Prenatal-Yoga.html Birthday of Sugar Ray Robinson – Sugar Ray Robinson (May 3, 1921 – April 12, 1989) was an American professional boxer. www.cmgww.com/sports/robinson/about/bio.html Join Hands Day (first Saturday) – This is the only national volunteer day on the Seasons of Service calendar that specifically targets and develops relationships between young people and adults through neighborhood volunteering. http://joinhandsday.org 242 Days Remaining

149

Kentucky Derby (first Saturday) - This is the longest continuously held sporting event in the United States. www.KentuckyDerby.com National Scrapbook Day (first Saturday) - I have been involved in this several times as either participant, teacher or vendor and really enjoyed being together with groups of people with common interests. I never got any scrapping done because I was too busy taking pictures of other people's ideas. http://scrapsociety.com/may-2013-national-scrapbook-day

Sunday, May 4
Day 124 241 Days Remaining Relationship Renewal Day – Relationships are too important to take for granted. Orange Juice Day – Freshly squeezed orange juice has much more nutritional value than packaged orange juice. OJ that has been opened loses all antioxidant benefit after just one week. If you must use packaged orange juice, use frozen canned OJ. www.orangejuicefacts.com www.eatingwell.com/blogs/health_blog/how_long_does_oj_keep_before_it_loses_vitami ns National Kids Fitness Day Bird Day - On this day in 1894, Bird Day was first observed at the initiative of Charles Almanzo Babcock, superintendent of schools in Oil City, Pennsylvania. By 1910, Bird Day was widely celebrated, often in conjunction with Arbor Day. National Candied Orange Peel Day – It takes nearly six hours to make it. But if you want to, here is the recipe: www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchens/candied-orange-recipe/index.html National Weather Observers Day

150

Monday, May 5
Day 125 240 Days Remaining Cinco de Mayo – The fifth of May (Spanish) commemorates the Mexican army's 1862 victory over France at the Battle of Puebla during the Franco-Mexican War (1861-1867). A relatively minor holiday in Mexico, in the United States Cinco de Mayo has evolved into a celebration of Mexican culture and heritage, particularly in areas with large Mexican-American populations. www.history.com/topics/cinco-de-mayo Israeli Memorial Day (Yom HaZikaron) – Yom Hazikaron (Hebrew: “Day of Remembrance”), or Yom Hazikaron l'Chalalei Ma'arachot Yisrael v'l'Nifgaei Peulot Ha'eivah (Hebrew: “Day of Remembrance for the Fallen Soldiers of Israel and Victims of Terrorism”), is Israel's official Memorial Day. The national observance was enacted into law in 1963. While Yom Hazikaron has been traditionally dedicated to fallen soldiers, commemoration has now been extended to civilian victims of political violence, Palestinian political violence, and terrorism in general. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 Eta Aquarids Meteor Shower – The Eta Aquarids are an above-average shower, usually producing about 60 meteors per hour at their peak. Most of the activity is seen in the Southern Hemisphere. In the Northern Hemisphere, the rate can reach about 30 meteors per hour. It is produced by dust particles left behind by Halley’s Comet, which has been known and observed since ancient times. The shower runs annually from April 19 to May 28. It peaks this year on the night of May 5 and the morning of the May 6. The first quarter moon will set just after midnight leaving fairly dark skies for what should be a good show. Best viewing will be from a dark location, far from city lights, after midnight. Meteors will radiate from the constellation Aquarius, but can appear anywhere in the sky. Significant Other Day Totally Chipotle® Day www.totallychipotle.com/tc_day.htm Chocolate Custard Day – If you like chocolate custard, this is your day to endulge. Hoagie Day – A “hoagie” is a sandwich that consists of a long roll of Italian or French bread, split widthwise either into two pieces or opened in a "V" on one side, and filled with a variety of meats, cheeses, vegetables, seasonings, and condiments. There are

151

many different regional names for this sandwich, or a version of it. It is called a sub or submarine sandwich, hero sandwich, Italian Sandwich, torpedo, baguette or grinder. www.philly.com/philly/restaurants/Hoagies_Hoagies_Hoagies.html Oyster Day – Many people will eat oysters raw (uncooked), usually called “oysters on the half shell.” Eating any meat, including seafood, raw comes with certain health risks. National Cartoonists Day - The first newspaper comic strip was published on this day in 1895. It was called “The Yellow Kid.” National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy www.thenationalcampaign.org National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy. First American in Space Day - On this day in 1961, Alan Shepard became the first American to orbit the earth. A Soviet cosmonaut was first, on April 12 of the same year. www.nasa.gov/multimedia/imagegallery/image_feature_171.html www.space.com/17385-alan-shepard-first-american-in-space.html www.history.com/this-day-in-history/the-first-american-in-space Halfway Point of Spring – The first day of Spring is on March 20 and the last day is on June 20. There are 93 days in the season. Today is day 47 of Spring, making it the halfway point. Perfect Game Day - Cy Young pitched a perfect baseball game on this day in 1904. This has only happened twenty times in the history of professional baseball. Melanoma Monday® (first Monday) - As designated by the American Academy of Dermatology to promote skin self-examinations. www.melanomamonday.org School Bus Drivers Appreciation Day (first Monday) National Meeting Planners Appreciation Day (Monday of the first full week) - This day recognizes the contribution of meeting and convention planners to tourism in their communities. www.mpiweb.org

Tuesday, May 6
Day 126 239 Days Remaining

152

Night of the Comet: 209P/LINEAR (2004) – This comet is one of hundreds of comets and other objects detected by LINEAR (Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research), an automated detection system at MIT. The comet takes 5.09 years to complete one orbit around the Sun. The comet will reach perihelion (closest proximity to the Sun) tonight. Take note: Russian astronomer, Mikhail Maslov, believes Earth will pass through the tail of Comet 209P/LINEAR between 7:00 and 8:00 UT on May 24, 2014. It could result in a meteor storm producing between 100 and 400 meteors an hour! Viewing conditions will be particular good in Canada and the United States. Israeli Independence Day (Yom HaAtzma'ut) – Commemorates the declaration of independence of Israel in 1948. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 National Beverage Day - Celebrate with your favorite beverage or one you have never tried before. Dieting Day Off – If you are on a diet, taking a day off can jumpstart your metabolism and improve weight loss. Plus, it helps your emotional state of mind by allowing you a guilt-free day of indulgence. www.diet-blog.com/08/have_a_day_off_your_diet.php Adhesive Postage Stamps Day - In 1840 the first adhesive postage stamps, the Penny Black and the Two Penny Blue, went on sale in Britain. National No Homework Day – Students will want to celebrate this day. Birthday of Willie Mays - Willie Howard Mays, Jr. (May 6, 1931), the Say Hey Kid, is a retired American professional baseball player. He played center field for the New York and San Francisco Giants and with the New York Mets. http://baseballhall.org/hof/mays-willie American Lung Association Birthday – This is the 110th anniversary of the American Lung Association. It started in 1904 as the National Association for the Study and Prevention of Tuberculosis. In 1968 the name was changed to the National Tuberculosis and Respiratory Disease Association. Finally in 1973 it became the American Lung Association. Their advertising slogan: Fighting for Air. www.lung.org American Lung Association Babe Ruth Day - On this day in 1915 Babe Ruth hit his first Major League home run, playing for the Boston Red Sox. www.baberuth.com National Nurses Day - This is the first day of National Nurses week. www.nurse.com http://nursingworld.org American Nurses Association

153

Steel Plow Day - Many sources credit John Deere for inventing the steel plow in 1837. However other sources indicate that blacksmith, John Lane, built the first steel plow in 1833 in Homer Township, Illinois. Tourist Appreciation Day Yale Lock Day - The Yale lock was first patented in 1861. www.yalelock.com National Teacher Appreciation Day (Tuesday of the first full week) www.nea.org National Education Association www.nea.org/grants/1359.htm www.teacher-appreciation.info Childhood Depression Awareness Day (Tuesday of the first full week) - This was designated by the National Mental Health Association in 1997. It is also known as Green Ribbon Day. Everyone is encouraged to wear a green ribbon to draw attention to childhood depression. www.nmha.org National Mental Health Association

Wednesday, May 7
Day 127 238 Days Remaining Box Camera Day - On this day in 1888, George Eastman patented the Box Camera. www.eastmanhouse.org www.kodak.com/ek/US/en/Our_Company/History_of_Kodak/George_Eastman.htm Fire Escape Ladder Birthday - A wagon-mounted fire escape ladder was patented on this day in 1878 by Joseph Winters. National Tourism Day - See Discover America - The Official Travel and Tourism Website of the United States www.discoveramerica.com Unity in Diversity Day www.udcworld.org www.unity-in-diversity.org Anxiety Disorders Screening Day (first Wednesday)

154

www.adaa.org/living-with-anxiety/ask-and-learn/screenings/screening-generalizedanxiety-disorder-gad Great American Grump Out Day (first Wednesday) – Today, everyone is encouraged to avoid being grumpy or rude for twenty-four hours. Thank a School Librarian Day (Wednesday of the first full week) www.ala.org/ala/mgrps/divs/aasl/ American Association of School Librarians National School Nurse Day (Wednesday between 6 - 12) - This used to be celebrated the fourth Wednesday in January but in 2003 it was changed to the Wednesday during National Nurses Week. www.nasn.org National Association of School Nurses

Thursday, May 8
Day 128 237 Days Remaining Have a Cola Day – Coca Cola® was introduced in Atlanta, Georgia on this day in 1886 by John Pemberton, a pharmacist. It was originally intended to be a patent medicine. www.coca-cola.com Iris Day - If you look around as you go about your day you are likely to see irises blooming. U.S. Post Office Anniversary - The United States Post Office was established on this day in 1794. Benjamin Franklin was the first Postmaster General. See the Smithsonian National Postal Museum for info about the history of the Post Office as well as games and puzzles for all ages. www.postalmuseum.si.edu First Westminster Dog Show Anniversary - On this day in 1877 the first Westminster Dog Show was held. www.westminsterkennelclub.org National Student Nurses Day - This was designated by the American Nurses Association in 1998. www.nursingworld.org www.nsna.org National Student Nurses Association

155

V-E Day - This is also known as Victory in Europe Day. It commemorates the day in 1945 when the WWII Allies accepted the surrender of the armed forces of Nazi Germany. World Red Cross Red Crescent Day - This is the birthday of Henry Dunant (May 8, 1828 – October 30, 1910), founder of the Red Cross. www.redcross.org www.myswitzerland.com/en/henry-dunant-museum.html Birthday of President Harry S Truman (May 8, 1884 – December 26, 1972) – He was the thirty-third president of the United States of America. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/harrystruman www.trumanlibrary.org Make-a-Book Day (Thursday of National Family Reading Week)

Friday, May 9
Day 129 Hurray for Buttons Day Lawn Mower Day – On this day in 1899 a rotary blade lawn mower was patented that was a big improvement over previous mowers. Lost Sock Memorial Day – Today is the day to sort through all those orphan socks and find their match, and discard all those socks with no match. On the other hand, maybe that is not a good idea. If you do that the other sock will suddenly reappear. Tear the Tags Off the Mattress Day – This was more fun back when tags on pillows, mattresses, etc. said “Do not remove under penalty of law.” Now most tags say “May not be removed except by consumer.” Birth Control Pill Day - On this day in 1960 the birth control pill was approved by the FDA. www.plannedparenthood.org/health-topics/birth-control/birth-control-pill-4228.htm Child Care Provider Appreciation Day™ (Friday before Mothers Day) - Thank your daycare provider or pre-school teacher. See Provider Appreciation Day™ www.providerappreciationday.org 236 Days Remaining

156

National Military Spouse Appreciation Day (Friday before Mothers Day) - This was first designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. http://spousebuzz.com

Saturday, May 10
Day 130 235 Days Remaining Astronomy Day (Part 1) – (Part 2 is on October 4) This is on the Saturday at or before the first quarter moon and occurs between mid-April and mid-May. The first quarter moon occurs on May 6. Astronomy Day will be observed again on October 4, 2014. Astronomy Day is a grassroots effort designed to share the joy of astronomy with the general population – “Bringing Astronomy to the People.” www.astroleague.org/al/astroday/astrodayform.html Astronomical League Saturn Night – The ringed planet will be at its closest approach to Earth and its face will be fully illuminated by the Sun. This is the best time to view and photograph Saturn and its moons. Trust Your Intuition Day – Intuition is the subconscious mind analyzing a situation and informing the conscious mind of its assessment. Because the subconscious mind bases its assessment on prior experiences, we can trust our intuition to a large degree. www.psychologytoday.com/basics/intuition Clean Up Your Room Day – This is a good practice, not only for children and teenagers, but for adults as well. An organized room or space saves time by not having to look for things. Productivity is increased by not having unnecessary items in the way. Blood Pressure Day - It is important to get your blood pressure checked regularly as you get older. High blood pressure can do damage even without symptoms. Many times lifestyle changes can lower your blood pressure without medication. www.nhlbi.nih.gov National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute Lupus Awareness Day www.lupus.org Lupus Foundation of America First Transcontinental Railroad Completed - On this day in 1869 at Promontory, Utah, the Union Pacific tracks were joined with those of the Central Pacific Tracks. This transcontinental railroad cut the four to six months it took for pioneers to get from the Missouri River to the Pacific states down to six days.

157

Cornelia de Lange Syndrome Awareness Day (second Saturday) www.cdlsusa.org The Cornelia de Lange Syndrome Foundation Sun Awareness Day (second Saturday) – Too much exposure to sunlight can damage our skin. Use sunscreen to protect against sunburn and skin cancer. Don’t forget to wear sunglasses. www.skincancer.org www.sunsafetyforkids.org www.sunsafetyalliance.org www.cancer.org/healthy/besafeinthesun/index Windmill Day (second Saturday) - On this day in Holland more than 600 still-remaining windmills are open to the public. Some of them are still used for their intended purpose and the others have been designated national monuments. With the rise in wind-power in the U.S. hopefully this will become a popular holiday in the U.S. National Bake Sale Day (second Saturday) Birth Mother's Day (Saturday before Mother's Day) - This was created in 1990. www.adopting.org/adoptions/birthmothers-day-mothers-day.html www.lifetimeadoption.com/for_adoptive_families/remember.html www.motherhelp.info/birthmothers_day.htm International Migratory Bird Day (second Saturday) - Created in 1993 by the Smithsonian Migratory Bird Center, International Migratory Bird Day celebrates the incredible journey that migratory birds take each year. They travel thousands of miles between breeding grounds in North America, and their winter homes in Central and South America. Organizers say this is a day to both support, and to increase awareness of conservation efforts in support of migratory birds. They also suggest a field trip into a woods to look for and enjoy migrating birds. www.birdday.org www.fws.gov/birds/imbd/ www.fws.gov/birds/imbd.html National Miniature Golf Day (second Saturday) - This celebration was started in 2007. It is sometimes listed as September 21. www.golflink.com/miniature-golf/ http://prominigolf.com/history.html

Sunday, May 11
158

Day 131

234 Days Remaining

Mothers Day (second Sunday) - The idea for Mothers Day started with Ann Jarvis in Philadelphia in 1907. It was officially designated by Congress in 1914 and the proclamation was signed by President Woodrow Wilson. www.mothersdaycentral.com www.history.com/topics/mothers-day www.mothersdaymovement.org www.mothersdaycelebration.com Eat What You Want Day - As long as you eat small amounts, eating whatever you want once in a while will not ruin your diet. Tubeless Tire Day - The B.F. Goodrich Company announced the development of a tubeless tire on this day in 1947. www.goodrich.com Minnesota Admission Day - Minnesota became the 32nd state in 1858. www.mnhs.org Minnesota Historical Society www.minnesotahistorycenter.org Minnesota History Center http://visitmnhistory.org Minnesota Historic Sites and Museums http://minnesotahistory.net www.theus50.com/minnesota/history.php

Monday, May 12
Day 132 233 Days Remaining Limerick Day – Edward Lear (May 12, 1812 – January 29, 1888) was one of the early limerick writers. A limerick is a humorous five-line poem. The first two lines and the fifth line rhyme, and the third and fourth lines rhyme. Here is an example: The limerick packs laughs anatomical In space that is quite economical, But the good ones I've seen So seldom are clean, And the clean ones so seldom are comical. Fibromyalgia Awareness Day www.fmaware.org National Fibromyalgia Association

159

Native American Rights Day www.narf.org Native American Rights Fund www.indians.org/articles/native-american-rights.html International Nurses Day – This was designated by the International Council of Nurses in 1965. www.icn.ch/ Women's Check-up Day (Monday after Mothers Day) www.womenshealth.gov

Tuesday, May 13
Day 133 232 Days Remaining I Just Called to Say I Love You Day - Any day is a good day to call loved ones far away (or even not so far away) and say 'I love you'. Tulip Day Frog Jumping Day - This is the first day of the Calaveras County Fair and Jumping Frog Jubilee in California. Mark Twain's story "The Notorious Jumping Frog of Calaveras County" was most likely the inspiration for both the fair and the day. www.frogs.org The Amphibian Conservation Alliance Leprechaun Day – According to Irish folklore, if you catch a Leprechaun, he has the magical power to grant you three wishes for his release. He is said to keep a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. Arlington National Cemetery Day - On this day in 1964, the first military serviceman, Private William Henry Christman of the 67th Pennsylvania Infantry, was interred in Arlington National Cemetery. www.arlingtoncemetery.mil http://arlingtoncemetery.net www.arlingtonnationalcemetery.org www.smithsonianmag.com/history-archaeology/The-Battle-of-Arlington.html

160

Wednesday, May 14
Day 134 231 Days Remaining Planting Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in May is called the “Planting Moon,” as farmers trying to get their crops planted may take advantage of the light of the full moon to work into the night. The Native Americans called it the Full Flower Moon because this was the time of year when spring flowers appeared in abundance. It is also called the Milk Moon. The full moon will occur at 2:18PM CST, 19:18 UTC. National Buttermilk Biscuit Day – Here is a recipe for homemade biscuits. http://oldfashionedliving.com/biscuits.html Marshmallow Fluff Birthday - On this day in 1920 H. Allen Durkee and Fred L. Mower announced that they had formed a partnership to manufacture Marshmallow Fluff. They had purchased the formula from it's creator, Archibald Query. www.marshmallowfluff.com/pages/history1.html www.marshmallowfluff.com Motorcycle Riders Day National Dance Like a Chicken Day - If you have been to a wedding dance in the past twenty years you have either done this or seen this done. Drunk Driving Memorial Day www.madd.org Mothers Against Drunk Driving National Receptionist Day (second Wednesday) - You only have one change to make a first impression. For many businesses, the receptionist has the first contact with clients so they play a very important role. www.nationalreceptionists.com National Receptionists Association.

161

Donate a Day's Wages to Charity Day (second Wednesday) - This was started in 2002. If you can not afford to donate a whole day's wages, any amount will help. If you can not afford to donate money in this down economy, consider volunteering your time for a day. www.OneDaysWages.org National Night Shift Workers Day (second Wednesday)

Thursday, May 15
Day 135 230 Days Remaining Peace Officers Memorial Day – President John F. Kennedy signed the bill into law on October 1, 1962 designating this day to honor Federal, State and local officers killed in the line of duty. Bill Clinton, through Public Law 103-322, directed that the U.S. flag be flown at half-mast on this day. A Presidential Proclamation was made by President George W. Bush in 2002, and by President Barack Obama in 2012. www.policeweek.org www.nationalcops.org National C.O.P.S. (Concerns Of Police Survivors) www.nleomf.com/programs/policeweek/ National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund Chocolate Chip Day Airmail Service Anniversary – On this day in 1918 regular airmail service was started between New York, Philadelphia and Washington DC. Flip Your Mattress Day – Most mattresses last longer and are more comfortable if they are flipped and/or turned every few months. This is easy to forget so mark your calendar. Nylon Stocking Day – Nylon stockings were sold for the first time on this day in 1940 in several New York stores. 780,000 pairs were sold on the first day. Pantyhose were still in future and these stockings were held up by a garter belt or garters. Over The Rainbow Day – Birthday of Lyman Frank Baum (May 15, 1856 – May 6, 1919), author of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. www.online-literature.com/baum/ Brown Bag it Thursday (third Thursday) – This is a day to make your own lunch and carry it to work in a brown paper bag.

162

Friday, May 16
Day 136 229 Days Remaining First Woman to Climb Mount Everest Day – Junko Tabei (born Sept. 22, 1939) of Japan led an all-women expedition of Mount Everest. On May 16, 1975, she was the first woman ever to reach the summit via the South-East Ridge route. But the climber didn't stop with Mount Everest. Tabei is also one of a small number of climbers who have climbed to the summits of the highest peaks on all seven continents. www.everestnews.com/history/tabei.htm Spam Day - May 16, 1937, marks the unforgettable debut of Spam, a pink, canned lunch meat. Jay Hormel invented the meat as a way to sell pork shoulder. Credit (and the $100 prize) for the name Spam went to Kenneth Daigneau, the brother of a Hormel vice president. The term is supposedly a combination of the words “spice” and “ham.” From 1941 to 1945, more than 100 million pounds of Spam were sent overseas to feed our troops during WWII. www.spam.com/spam-101/history-of-spam Love a Tree Day Coquilles St. Jacques Day Spaghetti-Os Birthday - Spaghetti-Os was first sold on May 16, 1966. www.campbellsoupcompany.com/spaghettios.asp http://caloriecount.about.com/spaghettios-nutrition-m1157 https://www.facebook.com/SpaghettiOs Hires Root Beer Birthday - Hires Root Beer was created by pharmacist, Charles Elmer Hires, on May 16, 1866. It was introduced to the public at the Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia in 1876. www.drpeppersnapplegroup.com/brands/hires/ www.bottlebooks.com/hires.htm U.S. Nickel Day - The first 5-cent nickel was minted on this day in 1866. National Sea-Monkey® Day – Sea-Monkeys® are actually a kind of brine shrimp. www.sea-monkey.com www.seamonkeyworship.com www.filtersfast.com/articles/All-About-Sea-Monkeys.php

163

Wear Purple for Peace Day – Why haven’t aliens from outer space visited our planet? The creators of this day believe it is because the earth is too hostile. If we were to become more peaceful, then the aliens would begin visiting. Maybe they would go to Disney World. National Bike-to-Work Day (third Friday) - This was created in 1956 by the League of American Bicyclists. www.bikeleague.org Elected Officials Day (third Friday) - Most of us don't give much thought to all the work our elected officials do unless they do something wrong. Take time today to thank an elected official who is doing their job well. www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Voting.shtml

Saturday, May 17
Day 137 228 Days Remaining Armed Forces Day (third Saturday) - This was created in 1949 to honor Americans serving in the Air Force, Army, Navy, Marines, and Coast Guard. It was made an official holiday by President John Kennedy in 1962. www.defense.gov/afd/ Merry-Go-Round Birthday - In 1620 the first merry-go-round was introduced. It was powered by horses. www.merrygoroundmuseum.org Pack Rat Day World Information Society Day - This was created by the UN General Assembly and was previously called World Telecommunication Day. The purpose is the raise awareness of changes to society by the internet and other new technologies. It also focuses on ways to reduce the 'digital divide' between those with access to information technology and those who don't. www.itu.int/wsis/index.html First Kentucky Derby Anniversary - The first Kentucky Derby was held at Churchill Downs on this day in 1875. This is the longest continuously held sporting event in the United States. www.kentuckyderby.com

164

Jamestown Landing Day (Saturday of the second full week) - In April of 1607, explorers landed in Chesapeake Bay. They traveled up the James River to Jamestown Island, where they established America's first permanent English colony in May of that year. http://historyisfun.org/Jamestown-Landing-Day-event.htm www.jamestowne.org Jamestowne Society www.virtualjamestown.org Preakness (third Saturday) - The Triple Crown consists of three races for three-year-old thoroughbred race horses. The Preakness is the second jewel in the Triple Crown. www.preakness.com www.preakness-stakes.info

Sunday, May 18
Day 138 227 Days Remaining No Dirty Dishes Day - You might go out for every meal or use disposable tableware. However, if you have children, it might be fun to come up with various types of food that doesn't require dishes. Some ideas: toaster pastries, breakfast bars, pizza, sandwiches, fresh fruit and vegetables, popsicles, cupcakes.

Visit Your Relatives Day International Museum Day - This was started in 1977 by The International Council of Museums. http://icom.museum HIV Vaccine Awareness Day - See The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. www.niaid.nih.gov/Pages/default.aspx Mount St. Helens Erupted - On this day in 1980 Mount St. Helens erupted in Washington state, resulting in the death of fifty-seven people. It was the only significant volcanic eruption in the contiguous 48 states in sixty-five years. http://mountsthelens.com www.fs.usda.gov/mountsthelens http://volcanoes.usgs.gov/volcanoes/st_helens/ www.mt-st-helens.com

165

Stepmother's Day (third Sunday) – A Stepmother is married to a man with children from a previous marriage. There is no reason why a stepmother cannot be honored on Mothers Day (second Sunday), unless the birth mother doesn’t want to share her special day. Aunt's Day (third Sunday) – This has been proclaimed by the Governors of several states. It is also celebrated the Saturday after Labor Day. Aunts can play an important role in the development of children.

Monday, May 19
Day 139 Devil's Food Cake Day Circus Day - The first performance of the world-famous Ringling Brothers Circus was on this day in 1884. www.ringling.com www.wisconsinhistory.org/topics/ringlingbros/ www.circushistory.org/History/Ringling1898.htm Plant Something Day – Annuals are a good choice of flower because, once they are planted, they return every Spring without any effort required on our part. Ancestor Honor Day (third Monday) - This is a day for African Americans to honor their ancestors. Victoria Day (Monday on or before May 24) - This is a Canadian holiday in honor of Queen Victoria's birthday. www.victoriadayfestival.com 226 Days Remaining

Tuesday, May 20
Day 140 225 Days Remaining Blue Jeans Birthday – On this day in 1873, Levi Strauss and David Jacobs received a patent for blue jeans with metal rivets at the stress points, particularly the pockets. 166

www.levistrauss.com/about/heritage Pick Strawberries Day – You can often find “pick-your-own” strawberry farms not too far from most cities. Flying Solo Day - Charles Lindbergh started his nonstop solo transatlantic flight on this day in 1927. www.charleslindbergh.com Norman Rockwell Day - On this day in 1916, the first Norman Rockwell painting appeared on the cover of The Saturday Evening Post. The magazine exposure made Rockwell famous, and the paintings made the Saturday Evening Post famous. www.saturdayeveningpost.com/sections/art-entertainment/norman-rockwell-artentertainment www.normanrockwellvt.com/sep.htm

Wednesday, May 21
Day 141 224 Days Remaining I Need a Patch for That Day Waitstaff Day – Restaurant waiters and waitresses work hard, and often the majority of their wages come from tips. If you receive good service, leave your server a good tip. Memo Day American Red Cross Anniversary - The American Red Cross was established on this day in 1881 by Clara Barton. www.redcross.org American Red Cross.

Thursday, May 22
Day 142 223 Days Remaining

167

National Maritime Day – This was designated by Congress in 1933 to honor the maritime industry. It is the anniversary day of when the steamship Savannah sailed from Savannah, Georgia on the first transoceanic steam-powered voyage. Find Your Soul Mate Day Buy a Musical Instrument Day – The first step in learning to play a musical instrument is to purchase one. Having the instrument around encourages learning how to play it. This includes percussion instruments. Anybody can play a tambourine. Toothpaste Tube Birthday - On this day in 1892, the toothpaste tube was invented by dentist, Washington Wentworth Sheffield. Dr. Sheffield created the flexible tube to replace the unhygienic practice of dipping a toothbrush in a jar of dental cream. Loch Ness Monster Day – Is it real? The first reported sighting of the Loch Ness Monster was on this day in 1933. There is actually very convincing evidence that “Nessy” is a prehistoric creature previously thought to be extinct. The remains of such a creature were recently found off the coast of Japan. www.visitlochness.com www.nessie.co.uk www.lochness.com Mister Rogers' Neighborhood Anniversary - Mister Rogers' Neighborhood debuted on this day in 1967. http://pbskids.org/rogers/ www.fredrogers.org/FRC/mrn.html http://video.pbs.org/program/mister-rogers/ www.neighborhoodarchive.com/mrn/

Friday, May 23
Day 143 222 Days Remaining National Taffy Day – Taffy is a favorite carnival treat. Lucky Penny Day – Finding a penny is said to bring good luck. An old saying: “See a penny, pick it up and all the day you'll have good luck. See a penny, let it lie and bad luck will find you by and by.” World Turtle Day – This was designated by American Tortoise Rescue. www.tortoise.com 168

South Carolina Admission Day - South Carolina became the 8th state in 1788. www.statelibrary.sc.gov/a-brief-history-of-south-carolina www.sciway.net/hist/ www.southcarolinahistoricalsociety.org www.history.com/topics/south-carolina

Saturday, May 24
Day 144 221 Days Remaining Meteor Shower 2014 – A Russian astronomer, Mikhail Maslov, believes Earth will pass through the tail of Comet 209P/LINEAR (see May 6, 2014) between 7:00 and 8:00 UT tonight. It could result in a meteor storm producing between 100 and 400 meteors an hour! Viewing conditions will be particular good in Canada and the United States. Asparagus Day – This vegetable is low in calories and is very low in sodium. It is loaded with nutritional content, such as dietary fibre, protein, beta-carotene, vitamin B6, vitamin C, vitamin E, vitamin K, calcium, magnesium, thiamin, riboflavin, rutin, niacin, folic acid, iron, zinc, phosphorus, potassium, copper, manganese, selenium, and chromium (a trace mineral that enhances the ability of insulin to transport glucose from the bloodstream into cells). The amino acid asparagine gets its name from asparagus, as it is relatively rich in this compound. Asparagus is high in antioxidants. Escargot Day – A delicacy otherwise known as snails. Brooklyn Bridge Birthday - The Brooklyn Bridge was opened on this day in 1883. www.nyc.gov/html/dot/html/bridges/brooklyn_bridge.shtml Brothers Day – This day is dedicated to the relationship of brotherhood, whether biological, step, fraternity, religious or otherwise. Scavenger Hunt Day – Scavenger hunts can be a lot of fun. Those participating in a scavenger hunt are given a list of items to locate and secure. Most often, participants work in teams. The hunt can require traveling short or long distrances, and overcoming difficult obstacles. A modern-day version of the game is to use a camera to take a photograph of the item, instead of actually acquiring it. The first person or team to return to the designated starting point wins. Little Lamb Day - Sarah Hale's "Mary Had a Little Lamb" was first published on this day in 1830.

169

www.songfacts.com/detail.php?id=15971 Night Baseball Anniversary - The first Major League night baseball game was played on this day in 1935 at Crosley Field in Cincinnati, Ohio. www.baseball-almanac.com http://baseballhall.org/museum/experience/history International Jazz Day (on the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend) – Jazz music started to come about in the U.S. in the late 1800's. Most jazz music makes extensive use of horn instruments such as the trumpet. www.allaboutjazz.com http://jass.com www.apassion4jazz.net https://jazzhistoryonline.com

Sunday, May 25
Day 145 220 Days Remaining National Tap Dance Day - This was designated by Congress in 1989. It is the birthday of tap dancer, Bill "Bojangles" Robinson (May 25, 1878 - November 25, 1949). http://black-face.com/Bill-Bojangles-Robinson.htm http://atdf.org/awards/bojangles.html www.danceheritage.org/robinson.html National Missing Children's Day - This was designated in 1983 by President Ronald Reagan. Public response to posted notices has aided in the recovery of hundreds of missing and abducted children. www.missingkids.com National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Indian Motorcycle Birthday - The Indian Motocycle Company was started in 1901 as the Hendee Manufacturing Company. In 1928 the name was changed to the Indian Motorcycle Company. See the history of Indian Motorcycles. www.indianchiefmotorcycles.com

170

Monday, May 26
Day 146 219 Days Remaining Memorial Day (observed the last Monday) – Originally this day was observed on May 30, but in 1968 congress set it as the last Monday. It used to be called Decoration Day because it is a time people decorated the graves of deceased relatives. This day was first created to honor Union soldiers of the Civil War. After WWI, it was extended to honor Americans who died in any war. Now it is a day when many people visit the graves of deceased family and friends whether they served in the military or not. Cherry Dessert Day Blueberry Cheesecake Day Bob Day – This is a day for Bobs to get together and celebrate famous people with their same name. Some famous Bobs are Bob Dylan, Bob Segar and Bobby Kennedy. http://thebobclub.com/allbobs.html Dracula's Birthday – On this day in 1897 Bram Stoker's novel, Dracula, was first available for purchase. www.literature.org/authors/stoker-bram/dracula/

Tuesday, May 27
Day 147 218 Days Remaining National Grape Popsicle Day Pop-up Toaster Birthday – Charles Strite applied for a patent for the first ejecting or pop-up toaster in 1919. www.toaster.org Toaster Museum Foundation Cellophane Tape Anniversary – A patent for cellophane tape was granted to Richard Drew on this day in 1930. This was later marketed by 3M as Scotch tape.

171

www.scotchbrand.com National Sunscreen Protection Day – Not all sunscreens are created equal, so be sure to check the SPF level. Most sunscreens do not last all day so check the instructions to see how often you need to reapply. There is also clothing and swimwear that is SPF rated. www.cdc.gov/cancer/skin/basic_info/prevention.htm Golden Gate Bridge Anniversary – On this day in 1937 the Golden Gate Bridge opened. At the time it opened it was the longest suspension bridge in the world. Since that time, at least eight bridges have been built that are longer but none of them are as famous or as well-known. www.goldengatebridge.org http://goldengatebridge75.org

Wednesday, May 28
Day 148 217 Days Remaining Jerusalem Day (Yom Yerushalayim) – An Israeli national holiday commemorating the reunification of Jerusalem and the establishment of Israeli control over the Old City in June 1967. The Chief Rabbinate of Israel declared Jerusalem Day a minor religious holiday to thank God for victory in the Six-Day War and for answering the nearly 1,900year-old prayer of “Next Year in Jerusalem.” http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 National Hamburger Day www.gone-ta-pott.com/national_hamburger_month.html Sierra club Anniversary – The Sierra Club was founded on this day in 1892 by naturalist, John Muir. www.sierraclub.org Women in Trousers Day – In 1923, the U.S. Attorney General determined that it was legal for women to wear trousers anywhere. Prior to this date, dresses were considered appropriate attire for women. www.wearewoman.us/2012/03/history-of-womens-rights-in-united_18.html Whooping Crane Day - The first whooping crane born in captivity was in 1975 after whooping crane eggs were moved into sandhill crane nests. Unfortunately, those whopping cranes did not mate so the project was eventually discontinued. Today there are only about four hundred whooping cranes left in the wild.

172

www.savingcranes.org International Crane Foundation New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 1:43PM CST, 18:43 UTC.

Amnesty International Day – The purpose of Amnesty International is to help protect the human rights of people around the world. www.amnesty.org www.amnestyusa.org www.amnesty.org/en/who-we-are/history National Senior Health and Fitness Day (last Wednesday) - This was started in 1993. www.fitnessday.com

Thursday, May 29
Day 149 216 Days Remaining

173

Pink Flamingo Day - The pink flamingo lawn ornament was created by Don Featherstone in 1957. Paper Clip Birthday - The paper clip was patented in 1899 by Norwegian, Johan Vaaler. Rhode Island Admission Day - Rhode Island became the 13th state on this day in 1790. www.rihs.org Wisconsin Admission Day - Wisconsin became the 30th state on this day in 1848. www.wisconsinhistory.org Birthday of President John F. Kennedy (May 29, 1917 – November 22, 1963) - He was the thirty-fifth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/johnfkennedy www.jfklibrary.org John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum www.johnfkennedy.org

Friday, May 30
Day 150 215 Days Remaining Hug Your Cat Day (listed in some places as June 4) Ice Cream Freezer Birthday – An ice cream freezing machine operated with a hand crank was patented by William G. Young on this day in 1848. Water a Flower Day – By this time of the year, flowers and other plants may not receive sufficient rain and may require additional water. Indianapolis 500 Anniversary - The first Indianapolis 500 was held on this day in 1911. www.indy500.com www.indianapolismotorspeedway.com

Saturday, May 31
Day 151 214 Days Remaining 174

National Macaroon Day Bicycle Race Day - The first official bicycle race was held on this day in 1868. Copyright Law Anniversary - The first federal copyright law in the U.S. was signed by President George Washington on this day in 1790. “Make My Day” Day – Today is the birthday of Clinton "Clint" Eastwood, Jr. (May 31, 1930). He is best known for playing macho characters such as cowboys and police officers. The actor first spoke the phrase, “Go ahead, make my day,” in the movie Sudden Impact in 1983. www.clinteastwood.net Save Your Hearing Day www.asha.org American Speech-Language-Hearing Association World No Tobacco Day - The World Health Organization created this day in 1987 to discourage the use of all forms of tobacco around the world for 24-hours. www.who.int

Week-Long Events in

MAY

National Family Reading Week (week ending the first Saturday) Let everyone take turns readying aloud from their favorite book. Eat Dessert First Week (1 - 7) This week is not just about food, it is about not always doing chores and errands before the fun stuff - and often having no time left for fun. Obviously some chores have to be done but others can wait. So this week do only what chores are necessary and spend the rest of the time having fun. International Pen-Friends Week (1 - 7) Letter writing is becoming a lost art. Actually writing a letter requires more effort than simply sending an e-mail, so it means more to receive a hand-written letter. Taking the time to hand-write a letter means you really care. Take a Smart Risk Week (1 - 7) 175

Being smart means to carefully consider the risk involved in any decision or action. Peace of Mind Week (1 - 7) Peace of mind is achieved when things are put into proper perspective. National Physical Education and Sport Week (1 - 7) www.aahperd.org/naspe/ National Association for Sports and Physical Education National Be Kind to Animals Week® (first full week) This was started in 1915 by the American Humane Association. www.americanhumane.org PTA® Teacher Appreciation Week (first full week) www.pta.org National Astronomy Week (5 - 11, 2014, starts the Monday before Astronomy Day) www.astroleague.org The Astronomical League https://twitter.com/NAW2014 Get Happy Week (first week) Do things you really enjoy, and spread as much happiness as possible this week. www.sohp.com Secret Society of Happy People National Hug Holiday Week (first full week) Everybody needs a hug now and then. www.hugs4health.org Hugs for Health Foundation Suicide Awareness Week (first full week) Know the signs of potential suicide. Recognizing these signs may help someone get the help they need before it’s too late. www.suicidology.org American Association of Suicidology National Historic Preservation Week (first full week) This was created in 1973 by the National Trust for Historic Preservation®. www.preservationnation.org Work at Home Moms Week (first full week) Working at home while raising a family can be rewarding but challenging as well. Be sure to get out of the house occasionally and take time for yourself. Flexible Work Arrangement Week (first full week) If you can demonstrate that you can be as efficient, or even more efficient, working outside the normal perameters of your job, you can often negotiate a more flexible working situation for yourself. Brain Tumor Action Week (first full week)

176

www.nabraintumor.org North American Brain Tumor Coalition. North American Occupational Safety and Health Week (first full week) www.asse.org American Society of Safety Engineers Goodwill Industries Week (first full week) Think twice before you throw away clothes, toys, or anything you no longer want but that is in good shape. Your local Goodwill store would like to have it. You will not only be providing someone with a low-cost usable item but jobs for everyone who works for Goodwill. When you take your donations, look around, you might be surprised at what you find. www.goodwill.org Goodwill Industries International, Inc. National Travel and Tourism Week (first full week) This was designated by Congress in 1983. www.ustravel.org U.S. Travel Association Multiple Chemical Sensitivity (MCS) Awareness Week (first full week) MCS is a sensitivity to various toxins in the world around us. This can be pesticides, fragrances, cleaning products, detergent, gasoline fumes, smoke of various kinds, and anything else released into the air. Many people have unknown symptoms that could be caused by MCS. www.ourlittleplace.com/mcs.html Children's Mental Health Awareness Week (first full week) This was designated in 1996 by the National Federation of Families for Children's Mental Health. http://ffcmh.org National Mental Health Counseling Week (first full week) www.amhca.org American Mental Health Counselors Association National Pet Week (first full week) www.aspca.org National Postcard Week (first full week) National Nurses Week (6 - 12, week ending on Florence Nightingale's birthday) www.calendar-updates.com/info/holidays/us/nurse.aspx National Wildflower Week (second week) National Etiquette Week (work week beginning the second Monday) Good manners are always appropriate. Food Allergy Awareness Week (second full week)

177

www.foodallergy.org Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network Stuttering Awareness Week (second full week) This was designated by Congress in 1988. Stuttering is a speech impediment and not a measure of intelligence or the lack thereof. If someone stutters, be patient with him or her. Let them finish their own sentences. www.stutteringhelp.org Stuttering Foundation® Online Romance Week (second full week) www.onlinedatingsafetytips.com Cover the Uninsured Week (second full week) www.rwjf.org/en/about-rwjf/program-areas/coverage.html National Hospital Week (second full week) This is said to be the largest health related event of the year. www.nationalhospitalweek.com Reading is Fun Week (second full week) www.rif.org Reading is Fundamental National Women's Health Week (second full week) Encourage the women you know to eat healthy, get plenty of exercise, have regular checkups, stop smoking and get enough sleep. www.womenshealth.gov National Nursing Home Week® (second full week) If you know anyone in a nursing home, visit them. You spending time with them will mean so much to them. Even if you don't know anyone in a nursing home, volunteers are always welcome. www.ahcancal.org American Health Care Association National Alcohol and Other Drug-Related Birth Defects Week (second full week and previous Friday and Saturday) www.ncadd.org National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, Inc. Children's Book Week (12 - 18, 2014, date varies) This was previously celebrated the third week in November. www.cbcbooks.org Children's Book Council Armed Forces Week (from the second Saturday to the third Sunday) www.defense.gov/afd/ www.armedforces.org National Police Week (week that includes the 15th)

178

According to President George W. Bush, “Peace Officers Memorial Day and Police Week pay tribute to the local, State, and Federal law enforcement officers who serve and protect us with courage and dedication. These observances also remind us of the ongoing need to be vigilant against all forms of crime, especially to acts of extreme violence and terrorism.” www.policeweek.org National Transportation Week (week that includes the third Friday) This was designated by President John Kennedy in 1962. www.ndtahq.com/events_national_trans_week.htm International Coaching Week (third full week) www.coachfederation.org National Running and Fitness Week (third full week) www.americanrunning.org American Running Association Hurricane Preparedness Week (third full week) www.nhc.noaa.gov National Hurricane Center Emergency Medical Services Week (third full week) www.ems.gov www.acep.org American College of Emergency Physicians National Medical Transcriptionist Week (third full week) This was designated in 1985 by President Ronald Reagan. www.ahdionline.org Association for Healthcare Documentation Integrity New Friends, Old Friends Week (third full week) Make new friends and get reacquainted with old ones. Dog Bite Prevention Week (third full week) www.cdc.gov/HomeandRecreationalSafety/Dog-Bites/biteprevention.html Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.avma.org/KB/Resources/Reports/Pages/A-Community-Approach-to-Dog-BitePrevention.aspx American Veterinary Medical Association (tips on preventing dog bites) National Safe Boating Week (third full week) www.safeboatingcouncil.org National Safe Boating Council Neuropathy Week (third full work week) www.neuropathy.org The Neuropathy Association Tinnitus Awareness Week (third full week) Tinnitus is often called “ringing in the ears” but it can be many other sounds. www.ata.org American Tinnitus Association

179

Bike to Work Week (third full work week) www.bikeleague.org League of American Bicyclists Schizophrenia Awareness Week (third full week) www.nimh.nih.gov/health/topics/schizophrenia/index.shtml National Institute of Mental Health Recreational Water Illness Prevention Week (the week ending on Memorial Day) Be sure to use hand sanitizer at the lake. Do not let your children swim if they have recently had diarrhea or other bacterial infections. www.cdc.gov/healthywater/swimming/rwi/rwi-prevention-week/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. National Backyard Games Week (last full week before Memorial Day) This was created in 1998 by Patch Products. Click It or Ticket (last Monday to Sunday) This was previous called Buckle Up American Week. www.nhtsa.gov/nhtsa/2012ciot/index.html National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Older Americans Mental Health Week (last full week) This was designated by The voice of Midlife and Older Women. www.owl-national.org

Month-Long Events in

MAY

Date Your Mate Month Creative Beginnings Month www.exploringwomanhood.com/mindbodysoul/creativitymuscle.htm National Bike Month www.bikeleague.org League of American Bicyclists Tennis Month www.usta.com United States Tennis Association 180

Book Month www.nationalbook.org National Book Foundation Get Caught Reading Month - As designated by the Association of American Publishers in 1999. www.getcaughtreading.org Philatelic Exhibition Month www.stamps.org The American Philatelic Society Hope Chest Month Moving Month Personal History Month www.ancestry.com Recommitment Month School's Out Month Young Achievers Month www.youngachievers.us Young Achievers International National Business Image Improvement Month® - This event was founded by Debbie Allen. www.debbieallen.com Classified Ads Month http://craigslist.org Jewish American Heritage Month www.jewishheritagemonth.gov Asian American & Pacific Islander Heritage Month www.cdc.gov/Features/AAPIHeritageMonth/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Law Enforcement Month National Military Appreciation Month – First designated by the United States Senate in 1999 and designated by both houses of Congress in 2004. www.nmam.org

181

Older Americans Month – First designated in 1963 as “Senior Citizens Month” by President John Kennedy. President Jimmy Carter changed the name to “Older Americans Month” in 1980. www.aoa.gov Administration on Aging Professional Photographer's Month www.ppa.com Professional Photographers of America Revise Your Work Schedule Month Barbecue Month www.barbecuen.com Barbecue'n on the Internet Egg Month www.aeb.org American Egg Board Hamburger Month www.gone-ta-pott.com/national_hamburger_month.html Salad Month Salsa Month Strawberry Month Clean Air Month www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2011/jul/10_0200.htm Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.lung.org American Lung Association® Motorcycle Safety Awareness Month http://online2.msf-usa.org/msf/ Motorcycle Safety Foundation Better Sleep Month www.bettersleep.org Better Sleep Council Sight-Saving and Ultraviolet Awareness Month www.preventblindness.org Prevent Blindness America® Correct Posture Month http://my.clevelandclinic.org/healthy_living/Back_health/hic_Posture_for_a_Healthy_Ba ck.aspx The Cleveland Clinic Family Wellness Month Healthy Vision Month

182

www.lowvision.org The Low Vision Gateway www.preventblindness.org Prevent Blindness America® Prom/Graduation Safety Month http://alcoholism.about.com/cs/teens/a/blcc030514.htm Dangerous Season for Teens http://life.familyeducation.com/drugs-and-alcohol/communication/51061.html Talking with Your Teens about Drugs and Alcohol. National Physical Fitness and Sports Month www.fitness.gov President's Council on Fitness, Sports and Nutrition Women's Health Care Month www.womenshealth.gov National Arthritis Month www.cdc.gov/Features/ArthritisAwareness/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.arthritis.org The Arthritis Foundation National Asthma and Allergy Awareness Month www.cdc.gov/Features/AsthmaAwareness/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.aafa.org Asthma and Allergy Foundation of America Better Hearing and Speech Month www.asha.org American Speech-Language-Hearing Association National Celiac Awareness Month (started in 1987, originally in October) www.celiac.org Celiac Disease Foundation http://americanceliac.org/celiac-disease/ American Celiac Disease Alliance Childhood Stroke Awareness Month – Stroke: It's not just an adult condition. www.pediatricstroke.org/stroke_facts.htm National Digestive Diseases Awareness Month - As designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. www.pediatricstroke.org/stroke_facts.htm Digestive Disease National Coalition Fibromyalgia Education and Awareness Month www.fmaware.org National Fibromyalgia Association Hepatitis Awareness Month - As designated by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 2001. www.cdc.gov/hepatitis/ National High Blood Pressure Education Month www.cdc.gov/Features/HighBloodPressure/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention http://hp2010.nhlbihin.net/nhbpep.htm National High Blood Pressure Education Program

183

Huntington's Disease Awareness Month www.hdsa.org Huntington's Disease Society of America Lupus Awareness Month www.lupus.org Lupus Foundation of America Lyme Disease Awareness Month www.lyme.org Lyme Disease Foundation Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month® - Also Skin Cancer Awareness Month www.cdc.gov/Features/SkinCancer/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.skincancer.org Skin Cancer Foundation The American Academy of Dermatology and Melanoma.com. http://cancer.about.com/od/skincancermelanoma/a/skincanceraware.htm www.cancersupportcommunity.org www.americancancerfund.org www.meanoma.com Mental Health Month www.nmha.org National Mental Health Association www.mentalhealthamerica.net Mental Health America National Neurofibromatosis Month - See www.nfnetwork.org Neurofibromatosis Network www.ctf.org Children's Tumor Foundation National Osteoporosis Awareness and Prevention Month www.nof.org National Osteoporosis Foundation Stroke Awareness Month – If you suspect someone has had a stroke ask them to: smile, repeat a simple sentence, raise both arms and stick out their tongue. If they have problems with even one of those things call 911 immediately. www.cdc.gov/Features/Stroke/?s_cid=ncbddd_govd_087 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.stroke.org National Stroke Association Sturge-Weber Awareness Month www.sturge-weber.org The Sturge-Weber Foundation National Teen Pregnancy Prevention Month - See www.thenationalcampaign.org The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy www.advocatesforyouth.org Advocates for Youth

184

National Toxic Encephalopathy and Chemical Injury Awareness Month - Every day we are exposed to hundreds of chemicals, many of which are known to alter the normal activity of the nervous system. www.national-toxic-encephalopathy-foundation.org National Toxic Encephalopathy Foundation Trauma Awareness Month www.amtrauma.org American Trauma Society Tuberous Sclerosis Awareness Month www.tsalliance.org Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance

185

JUNE
~ June 2014 ~
Sun 1 2 Mon 3 Tue 4 Wed 5 Thu 6 Fri 7 Sat 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Flag Day

15 Father's Day 16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

Notes:

186

Flower - Rose (signifies happiness, love and friendship) Alternate Flower - Honeysuckle Birthstone - Pearl (signifies longevity and purity) Alternate Birthstones - Moonstone, Alexandrite Name Origin - named for Juno, Roman goddess of marriage

Sunday, June 1
Day 152 213 Days Remaining International Children’s Day – The World Conference for the Well-being of Children in Geneva, Switzerland, proclaimed June 1 to be International Children's Day in 1925. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Children%27s_Day http://childrensrightsportal.org/focus/childrens-day/ http://nswchildrensweek.org.au/ http://knol.google.com/k/children-s-day-in-india# Artists of America Day www.alliedartistsofamerica.org/ Allied Artists of America Dare Day – Dare to do something today that you have been wanting to do but couldn't get up the courage to. Flip a Coin Day - Today is a day for easy decision making, just flip a coin and follow the results. Coin flipping dates back to ancient times. Stand for Children Day – The mission of Stand for Children is "to use the power of grassroots action to help all children get the excellent public education and strong support they need to thrive". www.stand.org Superman's Birthday – The first Superman comic was published on this day in 1938. Kentucky Admission Day - Kentucky became the 15th state on this day in 1792. Tennessee Admission Day - Tennessee became the 16th state on this day in 1796.

187

National Cancer Survivors Day® (first Sunday) www.ncsdf.org National Cancer Survivors Day Foundation National Child's Day (first Sunday) - Designated by President George W. Bush in 2001.

Monday, June 2
Day 153 212 Days Remaining National Rocky Road Day – A good day for some rocky road ice cream. Heirloom Seeds Day - Heirloom seeds are open-pollinated and if saved will produce the same variety when planted. Most seeds planted today are hybrid crosses between two different varieties. Their seeds either won't grow or revert back to the parent plants. It is very important to keep heirloom seeds in case certain hybrids develop problems we can go back to original seeds and create new hybrids. www.treehugger.com/lawn-garden/10-best-seed-companies-selected-by-readers.html www.mypatriotsupply.com www.edenbrothers.com/heirloomseeds www.anniesheiloomseeds.com www.heirloomseeds.com http://rareseeds.com www.seedsavers.org http://sustainableseedco.com www.victoryseeds.com www.ohioheirloomseeds.com www.amishlandseeds.com I Love My Dentist Day – Show some appreciation to the person who keeps you smiling. National Bubba Day – Today, Bubba, is your day!

Tuesday, June 3
Day 154 211 Days Remaining

188

Ice Cream Cone Day – The ice cream cone was (possibly) invented by Antonio Valvona in England in 1902. http://whatscookingamerica.net/History/IceCream/IceCreamCone.htm National Hunger Awareness Day http://feedingamerica.org Feeding America (formerly called America's Second Harvest) Love Conquers All Day – “Love conquers all” is a translation of the Latin “omnia vincit amor,” a phrase from Eclogue X by Virgil. Repeat Day - Do things today that you don't mind repeating over and over. Repeat Day - Do things today that you don't mind repeating over and over. U. S. Air Force Academy Day - The first class graduated on this day in 1959. www.usafa.af.mil First American Space Walk - On this day in 1965 Astronaut Edward H. White (November 14, 1930 – January 27, 1967) became the first American to walk in space. www.hq.nasa.gov/office/pao/History/Apollo204/zorn/white.htm Birthday of Jefferson Davis - Confederate States of America President, Jefferson Davis (June 3, 1808 – December 6, 1889). www.civilwarhome.com/jdavisbio.htm www.civilwar.org/education/history/biographies/jefferson-davis.html www.tulane.edu/~latner/Davis.html www.history.com/topics/jefferson-davis http://jeffersondavis.rice.edu/ www.beauvoir.org Beauvoir, the Jefferson Davis Home and Presidential Library

Wednesday, June 4
Day 155 210 Remaining Shavuot – A major Jewish holiday, Shavuot (Festival of Weeks) commemorates the giving of the Torah (the Law) at Mount Sinai some fifty days after leaving Egypt. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 Hug Your Cat Day (listed in some places as May 30) Ford Car Birthday - The first Ford car was manufactured on this day in 1896.

189

Lassie's Birthday - The dog that first played Lassie (in the movie Lassie, Come Home) was born on this day in 1940. Old Maid's Day – An “old maid” is an adult woman who has never been married. Apple Computer Day www.apple.com First Hot Air Balloon Flight – On this day in 1783, brothers, Joesph and Jacques Montgolfier, gave the first public demonstration of their hot air balloon. On that flight no one was in the balloon. Birthday of Aesop – This is possibly the birthday of Aesop in 620 BC. National Leave the Office Early® Day (first Wednesday) – Only celebrate this day if your boss agrees. This was created by author and speaker, Laura Stack. www.theproductivitypro.com Tailors Day (first Wednesday)

Thursday, June 5
Day 156 209 Days Remaining National Attitude Day – As Zig Ziglar has said, “Your attitude will determine your altitude.” Improve your attitude and see what a difference it makes. World Environment Day - This was designated by the United Nations in 1973. National Gingerbread Day Robert Kennedy Assassination Anniversary - On this day in 1968, Bobby Kennedy was assassinated shortly after a victory speech following his win in the California presidential primary election.

190

Friday, June 6
Day 157 208 Days Remaining National Applesauce Cake Day – Applesauce can be substituted for oil in most cake recipes to lower fat and calories. Gardening Exercise Day – Gardening is good exercise and good for the soul. National Yo-Yo Day - This is the birthday of Donald Duncan, Sr.(June 6, 1892 – May 15, 1971), founder of the Duncan Company. Drive-in Theater Birthday - The first drive-in theater opened on this day in Camden, New Jersey in 1933. YMCA Birthday - The Young Men's Christian Association was founded on this day in 1844 in London England. D-Day Commemoration (WWII) - This day commemorates the Normandy Invasion during WWII in 1944. www.dday.org The National D-Day Memorial Foundation Donut Day (first Friday) - This was created in 1938 by the Salvation Army as a fund raiser and to honor women volunteers who served donuts to soldiers during WWI. www.salvationarmyusa.org

Saturday, June 7
Day 158 207 Days Remaining National Chocolate Ice Cream Day June Bug Day National Cheerleading Coaches Day

191

www.aacca.org American Association of Cheerleading Coaches and Administrators Native American Appreciation Day VCR Birthday – The VCR (Video Cassette Recorder) was introduced on this day in 1975. Sony’s Betamax format was the first to be used, but was later replaced by the VHS (Video Home System) format developed by JVC (Victor Company of Japan). Daniel Boone Day - On this day in 1769 Daniel Boone entered what would eventually become Kentucky. Susan G. Komen Global Race for the Cure Day (first Saturday) - This is held in Washington, D.C. http://ww5.komen.org Susan G. Komen for the Cure® National Trails Day® (first Saturday) – Find a trail near you and take a hike. www.americanhiking.org The American Hiking Society National Family Recreation Day (first Saturday) – The family that plays together stays together. Find some recreational activities that the whole family can participate in together. www.ehow.com/fitness/

Sunday, June 8
Day 159 206 Days Remaining Best Friends Day – “A man that hath friends must shew himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.” Proverbs 18:24 Ice Cream Day - On this day in 1789, commercially made ice cream was first sold in the U.S. in New York City. Vacuum Cleaner Birthday - On this day in 1869, Ives McGaffey patented the first mechanical device that cleaned rugs. It was called a “sweeping machine.” World Oceans Day - This was designated by the United Nations in 2009. http://worldoceansday.org Abused Women and Children Awareness Day (second Sunday) - If you suspect a child is being abused don't hesitate to report it to some authority, whether the police, child

192

protective services, or family doctor. If you suspect a woman friend is being abused try bringing up the subject. If she denies it just let her know you are there for her if she wants to talk. If you think her life is in danger, discuss the situation with other friends or family members. http://cawc.org Connections for Abused Women and their Children Children's Day (second Sunday) - This has been designated by several different organizations and churches. www.nationalchildrensday.us http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Children%27s_Day Race Unity Day (second Sunday). This was created in 1957 by the National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is. This has grown to include issues involving all types of prejudice. www.raceunitydaysa.com/main.html Write to Your Father Day (second Sunday) – The time and effort it takes to hand-write a letter is a sincere expression of love and care.

Monday, June 9
Day 160 Profess Your Love Day Donald Duck Day - The Donald Duck character was introduced on this day in 1934 in the film The Wise Little Hen. http://disney.go.com/mickeymouse/donald.html Alcoholics Anonymous Birthday - Alcoholics Anonymous was started in 1935 by Bill Wilson and Dr. Bob Smith as a way for alcoholics to help and support each other while getting and staying sober. www.aa.org 205 Days Remaining

193

Tuesday, June 10
Day 161 204 Days Remaining Iced Tea Day – This is said to be a Southern refreshment in the Summer, but it can be enjoyed anytime and anywhere. Where the Wild Things Are Day – Birthday of Maurice Sendak (June 10, 1928 – May 8, 2012), author of the children’s book, Where the Wild Things Are. First Tornado Anniversary - One of the first tornadoes ever recorded in the United States occurred near New Haven, Connecticut in 1682. There are other surviving written reports from the 1600's that describe what may have been tornadoes. www.ready.gov/tornadoes Tornado Safety Tips

Wednesday, June 11
Day 162 203 Days Remaining First Women Generals Day - On this day in 1970, Anna Mae Hays and Elizabeth Hoisington received their ranks as U.S. Army Generals. Birthday of Joe Montana - This football player was born on this day in 1956. Escape from Alcatraz Day - On this day in 1962, Frank Morris, and John and Clarence Anglin escaped from Alcatraz prison and set off on a make-shift raft. Parts of the raft was found on a nearby island. The official investigation concluded the men drowned while trying to swim to the mainland though a few people think they may have made it to shore.

194

Thursday, June 12
Day 163 202 Days Remaining Honey Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. The full moon in June is called the “Honey Moon,” not to be confused with the trip newlyweds take. Some other popular names for this month’s full moon are the “Flower Moon,” “Rose Moon,” or “Strawberry Moon.” The full moon will occur at 11:13PM CST (June 13, 2014 04:13 UTC). Taco Day (also celebrated on October 4) Turtle Races Day Automotive Service Professionals Day - This was started in 2005 by The National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence. https://www.ase.com Birthday of Anne Frank - Anne Frank was born on this day in 1929. Birthday of President George Bush – George Herbert Walker Bush (born June 12, 1924) was the forty-first president of the United States of America. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ Career Nurse Assistants Day (second Thursday) - This was started in 1977 and recognizes nursing assistants who work in nursing homes and long-term care centers. http://cna-network.org National Network of Career Nursing Assistants

Friday, June 13
195

Day 164

201 Days Remaining

Friday the Thirteenth – Many superstitious people consider this to be an unlucky day. This will be the only Friday the 13th this year. There is also a full moon tonight, which adds considerably to the promotional possibilities.

Friday the Thirteenth can be an excellent day (or night) for a promotional event: • Declare it to be an unlucky day for your company or store, and a lucky day for your customers. “Our loss is your gain.” • Make the unlucky group the customers that didn’t hear about your “Lucky Sale” because they chose to not venture out on this day. • Combat the forces of fortune by counteracting this day with a “Lucky Sale.” • Dispute the notion that this is an unlucky day. To prove it, make a special offer. • Since there is also a full moon tonight, announce that your business owner has gone crazy and slashed all the prices in the store. Or that he is giving away stuff for free. • Have store employees wear werewolf costumes. • Have a Midnight Madness sales event, with store or office hours extended into the night. • Make it a family affair, with face painting, balloons, prizes, candy, food, etc. Taking advantage of the notoriety of Friday the 13th and using it to promote your business is a great promotional idea!

Blame Someone Else Day (first Friday the 13th of the year) - Unfortunately some people seem to celebrate this every day. Weed Your Garden Day Kitchen Klutzes Of America Day Saint Anthony of Padua Feast Day - Anthony of Padua is the saint called for help in finding lost possessions. He died on this day in 1231. Work at Home Fathers Day (Friday before Father's Day) - This day honors fathers who work from home so they have more time with their families. 196

Saturday, June 14
Day 165 200 Days Remaining Flag Day - On this day in 1777, the Continental Congress adopted the Stars and Stripes as the official U.S. flag. Family History Day – Ask the oldest living members of your family about your family history. They have some amazing stories to tell. There are websites that can assist you in tracing your family tree. http://www.cyndislist.com/us/ http://ancestry.com Pig Callers Day World Blood Donor Day – Donating blood is one of the easiest things a person can do, and it is vital to saving lives. http://www.who.int/campaigns/world-blood-donor-day/2013/en/index.html http://www.edqm.eu/en/World-Blood-Donor-Day-1381.html Blood Type Awareness Day - Checking for blood type is not a lengthy process but in an emergency every second counts. Knowing your blood type and having it listed on an ID card could save your life. Also if someone needs blood you will know if you are a match. U.S. Army Birthday - On this day in 1775 Congress approved the creation of The American Continental Army. Sandpaper Birthday - The first U.S. patents for sandpaper were issued on this day in 1834 to Isaac Fischer, Jr. of Vermont. Wicket World of Croquet® Day (second Saturday) - This is an annual fund-raiser for the President Benjamin Harrison Foundation. www.presidentbenjaminharrison.org World Juggling Day (Saturday closest to June 17th) - This day was created by The International Jugglers' Association to promote the talent and skill of juggling. www.juggle.org

197

Sunday, June 15
Day 166 199 Days Remaining Father's Day (third Sunday) – Mrs. John Todd of Spokane, Washington first suggested a day to honor fathers in 1910. www.usa.gov/Citizen/Topics/Fathers-Day.shtml Smile Power Day – A smile is powerful. It can instantly change a person’s demeanor from sad to glad. Smile, and experience the power of happiness. A Friend in Need is a Friend Indeed Day – Thank a friend, be a friend. Nature Photography Day - This was started in 2005 by the North American Photography Association. Fly a Kite Day - Ben Franklin flew a kite in a lightning storm as an experiment in 1752 and discovered electricity. Sneak a Kiss Day - Surprise those close to you with extra kisses today, either the regular kind or the candy kind. Recess at Work Day - This was created by Rich DiGirolamo to encourage a change in routine at work to improve morale and increase creative thinking. Birthday of the Lion King - The Lion King was released to theaters on this day in 1994. Native American Citizenship Day - Congress granted Native Americans U.S. citizenship on this day in 1924. It seems odd that the people who were here first had to be granted citizenship. Arkansas Admission Day - Arkansas became the 25th state in 1836.

Monday, June 16
198

Day 167 National Fudge Day

198 Days Remaining

Pepsi-Cola Birthday – Pepsi-Cola was trademarked on this day in 1903. www.pepsi.com Fresh Veggies Day – Many communities have a farmer’s market or fruit and vegetable stands providing fresh fruits and vegetables. Cracker Jack® Birthday – The popcorn, caramel and peanut snack was invented by Frederick William Rueckehiem in 1893. They didn't start putting prizes in the box until 1913. www.crackerjackpopcorn.com National Time Out Day – This day is intended to bring attention to surgery safety. It reminds every one involved in surgery to take time before the procedure to verify the surgery type, surgery site and patient. www.aorn.org Association of periOperative Registered Nurses Morticians Day

Tuesday, June 17
Day 168 197 Days Remaining Bake Your Own Bread Day – Baking your own bread is not as difficult as some people think it is. Eat Your Vegetables Day – Make a conscience effort to eat more vegetables today. Then continue each day until it becomes a healthy habit. World Day to Combat Desertification www.unccd.int United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification Statue of Liberty Day - The Statue of Liberty arrived in New York City on this day in 1885. International Violin Day - Composer, Igor Stravinsky, was born on this day in 1882.

199

Wednesday, June 18
Day 169 196 Days Remaining International Picnic Day – Today is a great day for a picnic lunch. National Splurge Day – To splurge means to spend a little more than you would normally do to enjoy something especially nice. Go Fishing Day - The first American fly-casting tournament was held on this day in 1861 in Utica, New York.

Thursday, June 19
Day 170 195 Days Remaining Birthday of Garfield the Cat - Jim Davis' Garfield comic strip debuted on this day in 1978. Butterfly Day – In addition to being beautiful, butterflies play an important role in the environment. Sauntering Day - This is a day to slow down and take time to look around as you stroll. You may find that changing the pace of your walk also lowers your stress level. Juneteenth - This day commemorates the ending of slavery in the United States. www.juneteenth.com

Friday, June 20
200

Day 171

194 Days Remaining

Ice Cream Soda Day – Enjoy an ice cream soda today. Vanilla Milkshake Day – This day honors the vanilla milkshake. Plain Yogurt Day – Plain yogurt is, well, plain. Add some fruit to liven it up. American Eagle Day www.eagles.org American Eagle Foundation Midsummer's Eve - This is the day before Midsummer Day which dates back to ancient times and is celebrated between the 21st and 24th depending on the country. West Virginia Admission Day - West Virginia became the 35th state in 1863. Take your Dog to Work Day® (third Friday) - This was started in 1999 and is sponsored by Pet Sitters International. www.takeyourdog.com

Saturday, June 21
Day 172 Peaches and Cream Day National ASK Day – ASK (Asking Saves Kids) Day is about stopping and preventing violence against children. www.cpyv.org/programs/ask/parents/ask-day/ The Center to Prevent Youth Violence Ferris Wheel Birthday – The first Ferris Wheel opened on this day in 1893 at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. Baby Boomer Recognition Day - This day celebrates the contributions baby boomers have made to society. According to the Census Bureau, Baby Boomers are those born between 1946 and 1964. Others set the dates as 1943 to 1960. www.bbhq.com Baby Boomer Headquarters Cuckoo Warning Day – An old superstition says that if a cuckoo sings today it will be a rainy summer. That could be a good thing. 193 Days Remaining

201

Midsummer Day - This holiday dates back to ancient times and is celebrated between the 21st and 24th depending on the country. New Hampshire Admission Day - New Hampshire became the 9th state in 1788. Summer Solstice - This is the longest day of the year and marks the first day of summer. It is always between the 20th and 22nd.

Sunday, June 22
Day 173 192 Days Remaining Donut Day - There are many theories of how and when donuts were invented. One theory is that they were created by American Hansen Gregory in 1847. National Chocolate Éclair Day Dairy Queen® Birthday - The first Dairy Queen® opened on this day in 1940 in Joliet, Illinois. An ice cream cone cost five cents. Within ten years there were more than 1,400 stores. www.DairyQueen.com Auto Race Day – We are not sure the origin of this day. Anytime there is something that moves, people will want to race to see which one is the fastest. This time of the year, you are likely to find some kind of auto race in your area or on television. U.S. Department of Justice Anniversary - The United Stated Department of Justice was established in 1870. www.justice.gov Lady and the Tramp Anniversary – The Disney animated movie, Lady and the Tramp, was originally released on this day in 1955. Stupid Guy Thing Day – As Mrs. Gump (Forrest Gump’s mother) would always say, “Stupid is as stupid does.” All men do stupid things from time to time, and here is a day set aside to point them out.

202

Monday, June 23
Day 174 191 Days Remaining National Pink Day – As the name implies, this is a day to wear the color pink. Public Service Day – This was designated by the United Nations General Assembly in 2002 to draw attention to the value of public servants. Typewriter Day - The first typewriter was patented in 1868 to Christopher Sholes, a mechanical engineer.

Tuesday, June 24
Day 175 190 Days Remaining Celebration of the Senses Day - Celebrate all your senses today. Taste foods you've never tried before. Listen to a different type of music. Go outside and smell the various flowers in your yard or neighborhood. Take turns trying to identify objects while blindfolded. Go to an art museum and look at the paintings. Swim a Lap Day - Swimming is a good way to have fun and keep fit at the same time. Jack Dempsey Day – Birthday of William Harrison “Jack” Dempsey (June 24, 1895 – May 31, 1983), an American professional boxer, also known as “The Manassa Mauler.” Flying Saucer Day - The first reported UFO sighting was on this day in 1947 by pilot Kenneth Arnold near Mt. Rainer in Washington state.

203

Wednesday, June 25
Day 176 Strawberry Parfait Day Tennis Shoe Birthday - Rubber-soled shoes with canvas tops were made by various companies in the early 1900's but it wasn't until 1947 that Adidas created sport-specific tennis shoes. Birthday of Paddington Bear™ - The first Paddington Bear book was published in 1958. www.paddingtonbear.com LEON Day - LEON is NOEL spelled backwards. It means six months after Christmas and six months until Christmas. 189 Days Remaining

Have Christmas in June: • Send Christmas cards to announce the event. • Have Santa Claus wearing red and white beachwear instead of his regular red and white fur suit. Have him arrive on a Harley motorcycle or in a stretch limousine. • Have a palm tree instead of a fir tree for a Christmas tree. Decorate with colored lights. • Sing or play Christmas music with a twist for Summer. Change the words to fit the occasion. • Some possible slogans or advertising messages: “Beat the holiday rush.” “Santa’s coming early this year.” “Why wait? Buy now!”

204

National Catfish Day - Designated in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan to celebrate the value of farm-raised catfish. Korean War Anniversary - The Korean War started on this day in 1950 and ended on 27 July 1953. Log Cabin Day - This was designated by The Log Cabin Society in 1986. They promote the preservation of existing log cabins. www.michigan.org/property/log-cabin-society-of-michigan/ Virginia Admission Day - Virginia became the 10th state in 1788. http://marg.mhost.com/vahistory.html http://xroads.virginia.edu/~hyper/vaguide/history.html www.vahistorical.org/storyofvirginia.htm www.vahistorical.org Virginia Historical Society www.history.com/topics/virginia

Thursday, June 26
Day 177 188 Days Remaining National Chocolate Pudding Day Baseball Day – Abner Doubleday (June 26, 1819 – January 26, 1893) has been credited as the inventor of baseball, but he never claimed to have invented or even played the game. www.nndb.com/people/443/000022377/ Toothbrush Birthday - Bristle toothbrushes were first used in China in 1498. They used boar bristles attached to bone or bamboo handles. Beauticians Day Bar Code Birthday - The first UPC grocery scanner was installed at a supermarket in Troy, Ohio in 1974. The first product to carry a UPC bar code was Wrigley's gum. www.wrigley.com www.wrigley.com/global/about-us/history-of-gum.aspx Rat-catchers Day - This celebrates the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin. According to Wikipedia the poem by Robert Browning uses the date 22 July 1376 as the day the

205

Pied Piper led the children from the town of Hamelin, while the Brothers Grimm give it as 26 Jun 1284. This could be a good day for exterminators to promote their businesses.

Friday, June 27
Day 178 Korean War Armistice Day New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 3:10AM CST, 08:10 UTC. 187 Days Remaining

“Happy Birthday” Birthday - The song “Happy Birthday” was composed on this day in 1859 by teacher, Mildred J. Hill. Decide to Be Married Day National Orange Blossom Day

206

Sunglasses Day – Sunglasses are very important for people of any age. Years of exposure to the sun contribute to cataracts and macular degeneration. Birthday of Helen Keller – Helen Keller (June 27, 1880 – June 1, 1968) was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelors Degree. She became an author and political activist. www.braillebug.org/helen_keller_bio.asp American Foundation for the Blind www.hki.org/about-helen-keller/ Helen Keller International www.helenkellerbirthplace.org Helen Keller Birthplace www.afb.org/section.aspx?FolderID=1&SectionID=1 www.history.com/topics/helen-keller Birthday of Captain Kangaroo – Robert James “Bob” Keeshan (June 27, 1927 – January 23, 2004) played the title character on the children’s television program Captain Kangaroo from 1955-84. www.tv.com/shows/captain-kangaroo/ www.tvparty.com/lostterrytoons.html www.cbsnews.com/2100-207_162-595419.html HIV Testing Day www.napwa.org National Association of People with AIDS

Saturday, June 28
Day 179 186 Days Remaining National Handshake Day – A handshake is a very effective tool of persuasion. A handshake is not just for greeting. Shaking a customer’s hand at the conclusion of a purchase transaction will help to solidify the sale. Use this day to improve your handshake. Have your friends give you their opinion of your handshake. Many of us have experienced bad handshakes – either too hard, too limp, sweaty, dirty, smelly, etc. Make your handshake the best it can be, and use it often. Insurance Awareness Day - Our lives are constantly changing. It makes good sense to review our insurance coverage to be sure it is sufficient. World War I Commemoration - Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria was assassinated on this day in 1914. This is considered by many as the trigger that started World War I, after years of conflict between many European countries.

207

Descendants Days (last Saturday) - This is a day for everyone to contemplate how their actions will impact future generations. Great American Picnic Day (last Saturday) - This is a great day to pack a picnic and make your weigh to a lake or park. If time is limited, a backyard picnic can be fun as well.

Sunday, June 29
Day 180 Camera Day Waffle Iron Day – If you have a waffle iron, it is super easy to make waffles. Remote Control Day - The first TV remote control was developed by Zenith in 1952. It was a radio control that mechanically advanced the actual channel knob on the television. Considered an expensive luxury, it was many years later before they became common place. Most people just had their kids get up and adjust the controls. 185 Days Remaining

Monday, June 30
Day 181 184 Days Remaining Corvette's Birthday - The Corvette was introduced on this day in 1953. www.chevrolet.com/corvette-sports-cars.html www.corvettemuseum.org www.corvetteracing.com www.corvette.net Leap Second Time Adjustment Day - This is a one-second adjust made as needed on June 30 and December 31 to keep Coordinated Universal Time close to mean solar time. www.its.bldrdoc.gov/fs-1037/dir-009/_1277.htm http://earthsky.org/human-world/leap-year-leap-second-2012-utc-debate Meteorite Day – This is the anniversary of the 1908 Tunguska Event. 208

www.icr.org/research/index/researchp_sa_r05/ Institute for Creation Research http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2008/30jun_tunguska/ http://earthsky.org/space/what-is-the-tunguska-explosion Tech Support Appreciation Day

Week-Long Events in

JUNE
National Family Recreation Week (1 - 7) Many times family members go their own way and do things with friends. This week find types of recreation that the family can participate in together. See these Family Recreation Ideas. Volunteers Week (1 - 7) This originated in the UK in 1984. National Fishing Week (first week) Step-parent Week (first week) National Headache Awareness Week (first full week) www.headaches.org National Headache Foundation Sun Safety Week (first full week) www.sunsafetyalliance.org Sun Safety Alliance Tire Safety Week (first full week) This was created in 2001 by the Rubber Manufacturers Association. www.rma.org National Garden Week (first full week) www.gardenclub.org National Garden Clubs Dystonia Awareness Week (first full week and previous Saturday) www.dystonia-foundation.org Dystonia Medical Research Foundation National Men's Health Week (week before and including Father's Day) www.menshealthmonth.org/week/index.html

209

National Little League® Baseball Week (starts the second Sunday) This was designated by President Eisenhower in 1959. www.littleleague.org National Nursing Assistants Week (starts the second Thursday) This was started in 1977 and recognizes nursing assistants who work in nursing homes and long-term care centers. http://cna-network.org National Network of Career Nursing Assistants Automotive Service Professionals Week (second full week) This was started in 2005 by The National Institute for Automotive Service Excellence. www.ase.com National Flag Week (week that includes the 14th) Email Week (second full week) Meet a Mate Week (second full week) www.onlinedatingsafetytips.com IT Appreciation Week (third week) Thank your IT department for keeping your computers and other technical gadgets up and running smoothly. National Forgiveness Week (third week) Helen Keller Deaf-Blind Awareness Week (week that includes the 27th) Helen Keller was born on June 27, 1889. She was the first deaf and blind person to earn a Bachelors Degree. She became an author and political activist. National Grasslands Week (third week) The Tallgrass Prairie National Reserve in Kansas is one of the many examples of groups trying to preserve native grassland. www.kansastravel.org/tallgrassprairie.htm Lightning Safety Week (third full week) www.lightningsafety.noaa.gov National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Universal Father's Week (third full week) Take Your Pet to Work Week (fourth week) Help Animals Week (fourth week) National Camping Week (last full week)

210

Camping can be a fun and economical vacation option for families. Even camping in the backyard is fun for children. Eye Safety Awareness Week (June 28 - July 6) It is no coincidence that this week coincides with the Fourth of July. Most of us think more of fire hazards and hand injuries related to fireworks but they also cause a lot of eye injuries. www.useironline.org U.S. Eye Injury Registry

Month-Long Events in

JUNE
Rebuild Your Life Month www.4therapy.com/life-topics/family-relationships/divorce/rebuild-rebuild-rebuild-2668 Effective Communications Month www.communicationandconflict.com/interpersonal-communication.html Principles of Effective Interpersonal Communication Kids Sports Month http://kisnyc.com/about/ Kids in Sports National Adopt a Shelter Cat Month www.aspca.org American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Aquarium Month www.aza.org Association of Zoos and Aquariums National Accordion Awareness Month - Established in 1989 by Tom Torriglia. www.letspolka.com Rivers Month www.americanrivers.org Perennial Gardening Month www.growit.com National Rose Month www.ars.org American Rose Society

211

Men's Month - Designated in 1996 to raise awareness of unique issues that affect men's lives. See Menstuff® http://menstuff.org International People Skills Month http://ezinearticles.com/?People-Skills:-Eight-Essential-People-Skills&id=12294 National Pest Control Month www.pestworld.org National Pest Management Association National Burglary Prevention Month - See Burglary Prevention Tips on ScamBusters.org. www.scambusters.org/burglary.html Celibacy Awareness Month – Celibacy is the only 100% guaranteed method of preventing STDs (Sexually Transmitted Diseases) and unwanted pregnancy. www.celibrate.org/benefits.php www.care2.com/greenliving/20-benefits-of-celibacy.html www.essence.com/2012/09/02/meagan-good-talks-benefits-celibacy-and-makes-herdirectorial-debut/ http://health.ninemsn.com/menshealth/healthandfitness/8213998/the-facts-regardingcelibacy www.womensforum.com/celibacy-benefits.html National Beef Steak Month www.beefitswhatfordinner.com www.beef.org Steakhouse Month National Candy Month http://candyaddict.com/blog/ National Dairy Month www.midwestdairy.com Midwest Dairy Association National Fresh Fruit and Vegetables Month www.healthy-eating-made-easy.com/fresh-fruit-and-vegetables.html National Frozen Yogurt Month www.makeicecream.com/recformakfro.html www.glamour.com/health-fitness/2012/07/the-dos-and-donts-of-frozen-yogurt www.tcby.com www.yogurt-land.com

212

National Iced Tea Month - See Iced Tea Recipes www.teavana.com/tea-info/how-to-make-iced-tea www.republicoftea.com/iced-tea/c/27/ www.wikihow.com/Make-Iced-Tea National Seafood Month - This was previously in October but was moved to June in 2001. www.weloveseafood.com Soul Food Month www.soulfoodandsoutherncooking.com Turkey Lovers Month www.eatturkey.com National Turkey Federation Hunger Awareness Month - Many people donate to food banks during the winter holidays but unfortunately hunger is a year-round problem. http://worldhunger.typepad.com http://wsuhunger.wordpress.com/author/wsuhunger/ Wichita State University Vision Research Month www.lowvision.org Low Vision Gateway www.preventblindness.org Prevent Blindness America Child Vision Awareness Month www.stopcmv.org The Children's Vision Information Network Home Safety Month www.homesafetycouncil.org Student Safety Month www.keepschoolssafe.org National Aphasia Awareness Month www.aphasia.org National Aphasia Association National Congenital Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Awareness Month www.childrensvision.com Children’s Vision Information Network Fireworks Safety Month (June 1 – July 4) http://fireworkssafety.org The National Council of Fireworks Safety National Hernia Awareness Month www.webmd.com/digestive-disorders/understanding-hernia-basics Infertility Month

213

www.theafa.org American Fertility Association http://americanpregnancy.org/infertility American Pregnancy Association www.asrm.org American Society for Reproductive Medicine www.resolve.org National Infertility Association Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month www.myasthenia.org Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America, Inc. National Scleroderma Awareness Month www.scleroderma.org Scleroderma Foundation National Scoliosis Awareness Month www.scoliosis.org National Scoliosis Foundation

214

~ July 2014 ~
Sun Mon 1 Tue 2 Wed 3 Thu Fri 4 Independence 5
Day

Sat

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

Notes:

215

Flower - Larkspur (signifies good luck and humor) Alternate Flowers - Water Lily, Tulip Birthstone - Ruby (signifies contentment and wisdom) Name Origin - named for Julius Caesar, Roman dictator

Tuesday, July 1
Day 182 183 Days Remaining Creative Ice Cream Flavors Day – Since 1945, Baskin Robbins has created over 1,000 unique flavors of ice cream. www.baskinrobbins.com International Joke Day - Proverbs 17:22a “A merry heart doeth good like a medicine.” Sony Walkman Birthday - The first Sony Walkman went on sale in 1979. http://store.sony.com/ Sunglasses Birthday - The first pair of Foster Grant sunglasses were sold on the Boardwalk in Atlantic City, New Jersey. www.fostergrant.com/ Zoo Day The first zoo in the U.S. opened in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on this day in 1874. www.aza.org Association of Zoos and Aquariums Be Cool at Work Day - Factories first used air-conditioning as a way to improve production. One of the first air-conditioned office buildings opened in 1928 in San Antonio, Texas. The White House was air-conditioned in 1930. Early on, many movie theaters added air-conditioning as a way to boost profits in the summer. www.carrier.com Driver License Test Birthday – In 1913, the State of New Jersey began requiring all drivers to take a test to receive a license to drive an automobile. National Ducks and Wetlands Day – Designated by President George Bush in 1990. www.wetlandtrust.org

216

Early Bird Day – Businesses that experience a slump in customer volume during certain times can encourage more customers to patronize their establishments by offering “Early Bird” specials. Postage Stamp Anniversary – The first U.S. postage stamp was issued in 1847. www.usps.com ZIP Code Anniversary – ZIP codes were first used on this day in 1963. ZIP stands for “Zone Improvement Plan.” The first digit of a zip code represents a group of states. The next two digits designate a region (specific state, part of state or large city) within that group of states. The next two digits represents a smaller area within the larger area. The Postal Service has since extended the code to “ZIP+4” in an effort to expedite delivery. www.usps.com Canada Day (aka Dominion Day) – This day celebrates the signing of the Constitution Act of 1867, which united two British colonies and a province into one country. www.canada-day.ca www.canadadaylondon.com

Wednesday, July 2
Day 183 182 Days Remaining I Forgot Day - On this one day of the year you don't have to apologize for forgetting something, that is as long as your friends and family know about this holiday. Halfway Point of the Year – This year is half over, and it is a good time to assess how things are going. How close are we to meeting our goals for this year? What must we do to get/keep things on track? It’s also Wednesday, which is called “Hump Day.” So this must be “Big Hump Day.” Freedom From Fear of Public Speaking Day – Being able to speak to a group of people is one of the most essential skills needed in business and in life. There are a lot of books, classes and groups that can help people overcome their fear of speaking in public. Special Recreation for the Disabled Day - In many cases it does not take a lot of time or money to make a business more accessible to disabled people. Amelia Earhart Disappearance Anniversary – On this day in 1937 aviatrix, Amelia Earhart, disappeared over the Pacific while attempting to fly around the world. www.ameliaearhart.com

217

Thursday, July 3
Day 184 181 Days Remaining Compliment Your Mirror Day – Self-affirmation can be very benefitial. National Chocolate Wafer Day Automobile Birthday - On this day in 1886 Carl Benz displayed the first automobile, the Benz Patent Motor Car. www.loc.gov/rr/scitech/mysteries/auto.html Air Conditioning Appreciation Day – The air conditioner was partially responsible for the great migration to the South (southern states). Places like Florida and Texas would not be as populated as they are today if it had not been for air conditioning. Stay Out of the Sun Day – Staying out of direct sunlight is one of the best ways to avoid overexposure. American Redneck Day Disobedience Day http://thoreau.eserver.org/civil.html Idaho Admission Day - Idaho became the 43rd state on this day in 1890. www.state.id.us/aboutidaho/history.html Official website of the State of Idaho http://history.idaho.gov Idaho Historical Society www.visitidaho.org/press/about/idaho_history.htm www.history.com/topics/idaho

Friday, July 4
Day 185 180 Days Remaining

218

Independence Day – The history of celebrating our independence on the Fourth of July: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Independence_Day_%28United_States%29 National Barbecue Day – This is probably the one day of the year when the most outdoor cooking is done. http://nationalbbqday.ca www.nbbqa.org National Barbeque Association www.hpba.org Hearth, Patio and Barbecue Association Caesar Salad Birthday – On July 4, 1924, restaurant owner, Caesar Cardini, was running short of supplies and had to create a salad from the ingredients at hand. The salad soon became a specialty of the restaurant, and subsequently copied by competitors. However, Caesar's brother, Alex, also claims to have created the now famous salad. www.marzetti.com/products/cardinis/ Country Music Day http://countrymusichalloffame.org/country-music-history/ Rodeo Anniversary – There are various theories on when and where the first rodeo was held, the date given usually in the 1860's. However, it is very likely there were many events much like modern rodeos throughout the United States and Mexico much earlier. http://rodeo.about.com/od/history/a/rodeohistory1.htm Sidewalk Egg Frying Day – An egg requires 158 degrees to cook, and a concrete sidewalk only gets to 145 degrees. The dense mass of the concrete absorbs the solar energy and dissipates it. Placing a black skillet on the sidewalk may get hot enough to cook an egg. Birthday of Koko the Gorilla – Koko was born on this day in 1971 at the San Francisco Zoo. She was used in an experiment to teach sign language to animals and now knows more than one thousand signs. www.sfzoo.org/ www.koko.org/ www.pbs.org/wnet/nature/koko/ Bus Birthday – The first bus was built in 1829. It was pulled by horses. Birthday of President Calvin Coolidge – John Calvin Coolidge, Jr. (July 4, 1872 – January 5, 1933) was the thirtieth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ http://millercenter.org/president/coolidge www.calvin-coolidge.org/ www.history.com/topics/calvin-coolidge

219

Saturday, July 5
Day 186 179 Days Remaining National Graham Cracker Day – The Graham Cracker was developed in 1829 in Bound Brook, New Jersey by an eccentric Presbyterian minister, the Reverend Sylvester Graham to cure the dread fever of lust. www.boundbrook-nj.org/boundbrookhistory.cfm Spam Birthday – Spam was introduced on this day in 1937. www.spam.com Workaholics Day – “All work and no play, makes Jack a dull boy.” www.workaholics-anonymous.org Birthday of the Bikini - Bikini-like garments have been worn throughout various civilizations for many years but the modern bikini was introduced in a Paris in 1946. Louis Reard was an automobile engineer who also helped out at his mother's lingerie shop. After creating the skimpy two-piece swim suit he wanted an appropriate name. He named it after Bikini Island (where nuclear testing was done earlier that month) because he thought the excitement over the bikini would be explosive but the fashion didn't catch on for a number of years. Fashion designer, Jacques Heim, had created a similar swimsuit the same year and decided to use the same name.

Sunday, July 6
Day 187 178 Days Remaining National Fried Chicken Day All-Star Game Anniversary - The first major league all-star baseball game was played on this day in 1933 in Chicago. National Air Traffic Control Day - This was designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1986. The airways traffic control system was established by the U.S. Bureau of Air Commerce on this day in 1936. 220

www.natca.org National Air Traffic Controllers Association www.reagan.utexas.edu/archives/speeches/1986/70386c.htm Proclamation 5511 Birthday of John Paul Jones – John Paul Jones (July 6, 1747 – July 18, 1792) was a Scottish sailor famous as a naval fighter in the American Revolution. He was also the first man to be given the rank of 1st Lieutenant in the Continental Navy which later became the U.S. Navy. By 1779 Jones was Captain of the Bonhomme Richard and it was aboard that ship during the Battle of Flamborough Head that he said the often quoted words “I have not yet begun to fight.” www.history.navy.mil/bios/jones_jp.htm http://www.nps.gov/museum/exhibits/revwar/image_gal/indeimg/jpjones.html Birthday of President George W. Bush (born in 1946) - He was the forty-third president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ Build a Scarecrow Day (first Sunday)

Monday, July 7
Day 188 177 Days Remaining Global Forgiveness Day - This was created in 1994 by the Christian Embassy of Christ's Ambassadors. http://www.ceca.cc/global_forgiveness_day/ Father-Daughter Take a Walk Together Day Chocolate Day - Chocolate was introduced to Europe in 1550. http://archive.fieldmuseum.org/Chocolate/about.html National Macaroni Day National Strawberry Sundae Day Comic Book Birthday - The first comic book "The Wasp", was published on this day in 1802. http://www.thecomicbooks.com/old/Platinum.html International Town Criers Day (second Monday) http://www.ushistory.org/towncrier/ American Guild of Town Criers

221

Tuesday, July 8
Day 189 Ice Cream Sundae Day Be a Kid Day Video Games Day – Either a day to indulge or to abstain. Liberty Bell Cracks - The Liberty Bell was hung in the Pennsylvania State House in 1753. The bell had several cracks in it over the years that caused it to have to be repaired. There are several different versions of how and when the crack that made the bell unringable appeared. Some sources say it was while it was being rung at funeral of Chief Justice John Marshall on this day in 1835. http://www.ushistory.org/libertybell/ http://www.nps.gov/inde/liberty-bell-center.htm http://www.visitphilly.com/history/philadelphia/the-liberty-bell-center/ http://uaoc.org/fourth/libertybell.html http://libertybellmuseum.org/ http://libertybellmuseum.com/ Baseball All-Star Game (second Tuesday) http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/events/all_star/y2013/ 176 Days Remaining

Wednesday, July 9
Day 190 175 Days Remaining National Sugar Cookie Day – Sugar Cookies are super easy, and fun to make. Rock n’ Roll Day - Dick Clark became the host of American Bandstand on this day in 1956. http://www.tv.com/shows/american-bandstand/ http://www.museum.tv/eotvsection.php?entrycode=americanband 222

The Fox and the Hound Day - Disney's The Fox and the Hound was first released on this day in 1980. http://disney.com

Thursday, July 10
Day 191 Teddy Bear's Picnic Day Don't Step on a Bee Day Police Radio Day - According to some sources the first two-way radio was installed in a police car on this day in Eastchester, New York. Other Sources day it was in March 1933 in Bayonne, New Jersey. Either way having two-way communication between headquarters and patrol cars was a major advance for law enforcement. Wyoming Admission Day - Wyoming became the 44th state in 1890. http://wyoming.gov/history.aspx http://www.wwcc.cc.wy.us/wyo_hist/ http://www.wyohistory.org/ http://www.history.com/topics/wyoming 174 Days Remaining

Friday, July 11
Day 192 173 Days Remaining National Blueberry Muffin Day Cheer Up the Lonely Day All-American Pet Photo Day – Take photographs of your pets, especially when they are still young. You will be glad you did later.

223

Swimming Pool Day – Swimming is the most effective form of exercise because it involves every muscle in the body. Vegetarian Food Day http://www.vegkitchen.com/ National Convenience Store Day - The first 7-Eleven opened in 1927 in Dallas, Texas. The first stores were open from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. and that is how the name came about. http://www.7-eleven.com (Former) Marine Corps Day - The U.S. Marine Corps was established November 10, 1775 to help the Navy during the Revolutionary War. It was abolished at the end of the war and then reestablished on this day in 1798. www.marines.com/ www.marines.mil/ http://www.defense.gov/afd/marinecorps.aspx World Population Day – This day was created by the United Nations in 1989 to raise awareness of the problems of over-population. http://www.unfpa.org/public/world-population-day Birthday of President John Quincy Adams (July 11, 1767 – February 23, 1848) - He was the sixth president of the United States of America. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/johnquincyadams http://www25.uua.org/uuhs/duub/articles/johnquincyadams.html http://millercenter.org/president/jqadams http://www.history.com/topics/john-quincy-adams http://www.nps.gov/adam/jqabio.htm http://www.masshist.org/jqadiaries/index.cfm

Saturday, July 12
Day 193 172 Days Remaining Thunder Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in July is called the “Thunder Moon.” The full

224

moon will occur at 11:25 UTC. Pecan Pie Day Simplicity Day – This is the birthday of Henry David Thoreau (July 12, 1817 – May 6, 1862). Thoreau believed that we should all simplify our lives. http://www.thoreausociety.org/_news_abouthdt.htm http://www.walden.org/thoreau http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/thoreau/ http://thoreau.eserver.org/whowhy.html http://www.online-literature.com/thoreau/ Different Colored Eyes Day Etch-a-Sketch Birthday - The first Etch-a-Sketch drawing toy went on sale in 1960. http://www.ohioart.com/etch/ Stone House Day (second Saturday) - This event takes place each year in Hurley, New York. http://www.stonehouseday.org/

Sunday, July 13
Day 194 French Fries Day Beans and Franks Day Puzzle Day - This is the birthday of Erno Rubik, inventor of the Rubik's Cube, who was born on this day in 1944. http://www.rubiks.com/ Barbershop Music Appreciation Day - This is the anniversary of the formation in 1945 of The Sweet Adelines, a group of women singers who support the musical art form of barbershop harmony. http://www.sweetadelineintl.org/ Fool's Paradise Day - A fools paradise is a state of happiness based on false hope. Barn Day (second Sunday) 171 Days Remaining

225

http://www.oldbarnsite.com/

Monday, July 14
Day 195 170 Days Remaining Farm Heritage Day http://www.americanfarmheritagemuseum.org American Farm Heritage Museum Pick Blueberries Day – Blueberries are very good for you. They have high fiber, no fat and taste great. They are also high in anti-oxidants that are believed to fight aging. Picking your own blueberries can also be good exercise. Tape Measure Birthday - On this day in 1868, a spring-click tape measure was patented by Alvin J. Fellows of New Haven, Connecticut. Corkboard Birthday - Corkboard was patented on this day in 1891 by John T. Smith of Brooklyn, New York. Pandemonium Day – Maybe this explains it, at least for today. We are not sure if this is a day to create pandemonium, or watch out for it. Birthday of President Gerald Ford (July 14, 1913 – December 26, 2006) – Gerald Rudolph “Jerry” Ford, Jr. was the 38th President of the United States, and America's only President who was never elected to any office higher than the US Congress. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/geraldford http://www.fordlibrarymuseum.gov/grf/fordbiop.asp http://millercenter.org/president/ford http://www.ford.utexas.edu/

Tuesday, July 15
Day 196 I Love Horses Day http://ultimatehorsesite.com/ 226 169 Days Remaining

National Tapioca Pudding Day Margarine Birthday – Margarine was invented in 1869 by French chemist, Hippolyte Mege-Mouries, after Emperor Napoleon offered a prize for anyone who created a substitute for butter to be used by the lower classes. http://www.imace.org International Margarine Association of the Countries of Europe http://www.webexhibits.org/butter/margarine.html Toss Away the "Could Haves" and "Should Haves" Day - This was created by Martha J. Ross-Rodgers to encourage people to not let past regrets ruin their present lives. http://www.wcspeakers.com/speaker.cfm?ID=8545 No-Hitter Day - There have only been 269 no-hitter games in Major League baseball between 1876 and 2010. The first no-hitter in the modern era was pitched on this day in 1876 by George Bradley.

Wednesday, July 16
Day 197 Fresh Spinach Day National Get Out of the Doghouse Day – This may only apply to boyfriends and husbands. Parking Meters Birthday – The first parking meter was installed on this day in 1935 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The parking ticket was probably created soon afterwards. Ride to Work Day (third Wednesday) – Ride your motorcycle to work today. http://www.ridetowork.org Ride to Work, Inc. 168 Days Remaining

Thursday, July 17
227

Day 198

167 Days Remaining

National Peach Ice Cream Day Disneyland Anniversary - Disneyland opened on this day in Anaheim, California in 1955, less than one year after construction began. http://disneyland.disney.go.com/ Air Conditioner Birthday - American engineer, Willis Carrier, invented the first practical air conditioner in 1902. www.carrier.com Wrong Way Day – On this day in 1929, Douglas Corrigan misread the compass on his plane after leaving Brooklyn and ended up in Dublin, Ireland instead of Los Angeles, California. From that time on his nickname was “Wrong Way Corrigan.” http://www.historynet.com/the-adventures-of-wrong-way-corrigan.htm

Friday, July 18
Day 199 166 Days Remaining Tony the Tiger's Birthday – Tony the Tiger became the mascot for Kellogg's Frosted Flakes® in 1952. http://www.frostedflakes.com/ Chrysanthemum Day – It is unknown why this is Chrysanthemum Day since they are planted in the spring and bloom in the fall. World Listening Day http://www.worldlisteningproject.org/world-listening-day/ World Listening Project http://www.sfu.ca/~truax/wsp.html The World Soundscape Project National Caviar Day

228

Saturday, July 19
Day 200 165 Days Remaining New Friends Day - Proverbs 18:24 “A man that hath friends must show himself friendly: and there is a friend that sticketh closer than a brother.” National Raspberry Cake Day Colt 45 Day – Birthday of Samuel Colt (July 19, 1814 – January 10, 1862), the inventor of the Colt 45 revolver and other firearms. http://www.netstate.com/states/peop/people/ct_sc.htm Bloomer Day – Bloomers originally were a loose fitting trouser that was tight at the ankle. A knee-length skirt was worn over the bloomers. This was not only more comfortable than the tight corsets, layers of petticoats and long skirts, it also allowed women to ride bicycles and participate in sports activities. http://petticoatsandpistols.com/2009/04/07/amelia-bloomer-set-fashion-on-its-ear/ Stick Out Your Tongue Day – The non-verbal method for expressing disapproval. :-p Triple Play Day - The first Major league baseball unassisted triple play was accomplished on this day in 1909 by Neal Ball. This is one of the rarest events of Major League baseball and has only happened fifteen times between 1900 and 2012. http://www.baseball-almanac.com/feats/feats8.shtml

Sunday, July 20
Day 201 164 Days Remaining Ugly Truck Day – Be proud today. National Lollipop Day – A form of lollipop dates back to the Middle Ages when people ate boiled sugar with the aid of a stick. George Smith, owner of a confectionary company called the Bradley Smith Company, took credit for inventing the modern version of the

229

lollipop which he began making in 1908, and in 1931, he trademarked the term “lollipop,” borrowing the name from a famous race horse named Lolly Pop. http://www.candyfavorites.com/shop/catalog-lollipop-history.php http://www.gavelstore.com/pop_history.html http://www.candyusa.com/FunStuff/FunFactsDetail.cfm?ItemNumber=972 First Moon Walk Anniversary – On this day in 1969 astronaut, Neil Armstrong, became the first man to walk on the moon. His first words as he stepped on the surface of the moon were “That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.” It was thought for years that Armstrong had inadvertently left out the “a” before the word “man,” but more sophisticated analysis of the tape shows that he did say it. http://history1900s.about.com/od/1960s/p/firstmanmoon. htm http://www.firstmenonthemoon.com/ http://www.space.com/16758-apollo-11-first-moonlanding.html
Photo: NASA

National Ice Cream Day (third Sunday) - This was designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. http://www.idfa.org/news--views/media-kits/ice-cream/july-is-national-ice-cream-month/ Sundae Sunday (third Sunday) - According to legend, the ice cream sundae was created because of “blue laws” restricting most non-essential things from being sold on Sunday. After ice cream sodas were restricted but not ice cream in a dish, someone came up with the idea of putting the syrup used in sodas directly on the ice cream.

Monday, July 21
Day 202 163 Days Remaining National Junk Food Day – Today you can eat your favorite junk food without feeling too guilty. National Crème Brule Day National Tug-Of-War Tournament Day

230

National Women’s Hall of Fame Anniversary – The National Women's Hall of Fame was started in Seneca Falls, New York in 1969 and moved into its permanent home in 1979. Seneca Falls is where the first Women's Rights Convention was held under the leadership of Elizabeth Cady Stanton. http://www.greatwomen.org/ Coldest Day Ever – The lowest natural temperature (-128.6 degrees Fahrenheit) ever recorded was on this day at Vostok, Antarctica in 1983. Disneyland Construction Begins - On this day in 1954 in Anaheim, California, construction began on what would become Disneyland. The park opened less than one year later (July 17, 1955). http://disneyland.disney.go.com/

Tuesday, July 22
Day 203 162 Days Remaining Pi Approximation Day – When expressed in the day/month format, today is 22/7. 22 divided by 7 equals 3.14285714 (an over-approximation of the value of pi). Hammock Day Summer Leisure Day – This is probably just another name for Hammock Day. Froot Loops® Birthday – Kellogg’s® introduced this breakfast cereal on this day in 1963. The name “Froot Loops” was probably chosen so a copyright on the name could be secured. Today is the 50th birthday of this cereal. www.frootloops.com America the Beautiful Day - This patriotic song started as a poem written by Katharine Lee Bates. The poem, originally titled Pikes Peak, was first published in the Fourth of July edition of the church periodical The Congregationalist in 1895. At that time, the poem was titled America for publication. http://lcweb2.loc.gov/diglib/ihas/loc.natlib.ihas.200000001/default.html http://cantorion.org/pieces/3049/America-the-Beautiful-%28Materna%29 Rat-catchers Day - This celebrates the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin. According to Wikipedia the poem by Robert Browning uses the date 22 July 1376 as the day the Pied Piper led the children from the town of Hamelin, while the Brothers Grimm give it as 26 Jun 1284. This is a good day for exterminators to promote their business.

231

Wednesday, July 23
Day 204 161 Days Remaining Ice Cream Cone Day – It is possible that the ice cream cone was invented by Charles E. Minches in Missouri in 1904. http://whatscookingamerica.net/History/IceCream/IceCreamCone.htm National Vanilla Ice Cream Day – Despite the huge variety of flavors available, vanilla continues to be the most popular choice. However, many people will put something on top of their plain vanilla ice cream, like chocolate syrup or candy sprinkles. Gorgeous Grandma Day Private Eye Day – Birthday of author Raymond Chandler (July 23, 1888 – March 26, 1959). http://home.comcast.net/~mossrobert/

Thursday, July 24
Day 205 160 Days Remaining National Drive-Thru Day – Celebrate this special day by visiting your favorite fast-food restaurant. Instant Coffee Birthday - Instant coffee was invented in 1938. Cousins Day Virtual Love Day - Send virtual flowers to your virtual lover. Birthday of President Martin Van Buren (December 5, 1782 – July 24, 1862) - He was the eighth president of the United States of America. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/martinvanburen http://www.nps.gov/mava/index.htm 232

http://millercenter.org/president/vanburen http://www.history.com/topics/martin-van-buren http://www.nndb.com/people/821/000024749/

Friday, July 25
Day 206 159 Days Remaining National Hot Fudge Sundae Day Mechanical Merry-Go-Round Birthday - Prior to 1871, merry-go-rounds had been powered by horses, so this was a big step forward. Birthday Cake Birthday - Some sources say the Greeks were the first to put candles on a cake celebrating a birthday in 55 B.C. Other sources say the tradition of birthday cakes started in Germany during the Middle Ages. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birthday_cake A Day Out of Time - On the 13 Moon calendar the old year ends on July 24th and the new years starts on July 26th, making the day we refer to as July 25th a 'Day out of time'. http://www.13moon.com/13%20MOON%20MISSION.htm System Administrator Appreciation Day (last Friday) - Thank your System Administrator. http://sysadminday.com/

Saturday, July 26
Day 207 158 Days Remaining New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 22:42 UTC. National Coffee Milkshake Day – Don’t knock it until you’ve tried it. http://eatocracy.cnn.com/2012/07/26/national-coffee-milkshake-day/ 233

Aunt and Uncle Day - This was designated by Florida State Senator, Tony Hill in 2005. All or Nothing Day - Give your all to something you have always wanted to do but have been afraid to for some reason. You just might succeed – and if not, at least you tried. Telescope Birthday - Thomas Harriot is the first astronomer to draw an object after seeing it through a telescope. It was a map of the moon drawn on this day in 1609. http://galileo.rice.edu/sci/harriot.html http://www-history.mcs.st-andrews.ac.uk/Biographies/Harriot.html http://www.ecu.edu/cs-cas/harriot/ http://www.luminarium.org/renlit/hariot.htm http://plus.maths.org/content/thomas-harriot-lost-pioneer New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 5:42PM CST, 22:42 UTC.

Americans With Disabilities Day - The Americans with Disabilities Act was signed into law on this day in 1990. http://www.ada.gov/ Postmaster General Day - On this day in 1775 the Continental Congress created the position of Postmaster General and appointed Benjamin Franklin to the job. Franklin kept the position after the Declaration of Independence was signed. http://about.usps.com/who-we-are/postal-history/postalpeople.htm 234

New York Admission Day - New York became the 11th state in 1788. http://www.nyhistory.org/ http://newyorkhistoryblog.org/ http://www.nyhistory.com/

Sunday, July 27
Day 208 Walk on Stilts Day Birthday of Bugs Bunny - Bugs Bunny, as we know him today, first appeared in A Wild Hare, released on this day in 1940. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0033260/ http://looneytunes.kidswb.com/games/bugs-bunny-hopping-carrot-hunt http://www.supercartoons.net/cartoon/896/bugs-bunny-a-wild-hare.html Korean War Veterans Armistice Day - On this day in 1953 the Armistice that ended the Korean War was signed. http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/07/27/presidential-proclamationnational-korean-war-veterans-armistice-day-201 http://olivergraham.net/blog/2012/07/25/national-korean-war-veterans-armistice-day/ National Parents Day (fourth Sunday) http://www.parentingcoalition.org/ Parenting Coalition International, Inc. http://www.parentsday.com/ 157 Days Remaining

Monday, July 28
Day 209 156 Days Remaining Southern Delta Aquarids Meteor Shower – The Delta Aquarids can produce about 20 meteors per hour at their peak. It is produced by debris left behind by comets Marsden and Kracht. The shower usually peaks on the night of July 28 and the morning of July 29, but some meteors can also be seen from July 12 through August 23. The radiant point 235

for this shower will be in the constellation Aquarius. This should be a great year for this shower because the thin crescent moon will set early in the evening leaving dark skies for what should a good show. Best viewing will be from a dark location after midnight. Best viewing is usually to the east after midnight. World Hepatitis Day www.cdc.gov/Features/ViralHepatitis/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention National Milk Chocolate Day - Milk is added to chocolate to make it smoother and mellower to the taste. www.hersheys.com Birthday of Beatrix Potter – Beatrix Potter (July 28, 1866 – December 22, 1943) was an English author of children’s books, Peter Rabbit being her most well-known character. http://www.beatrixpottersociety.org.uk/ The Beatrix Potter Society http://www.hop-skip-jump.com/ http://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/hill-top/ http://www.peterrabbit.com/en/beatrix_potter/beatrixs_life Fingerprint Day - Fingerprints were first used as a method of identification in 1858.

Tuesday, July 29
Day 210 155 Days Remaining National Chicken Wing Day – This day was designated by the city of Buffalo, New York to celebrate what is variously called chicken wings, buffalo wings or hot wings. https://www.facebook.com/pages/National-Chicken-Wing-Day/150113178381044 http://www.buffalowing.com/ National Lasagna Day Rain Day – It has rained on this day in Waynesburg, Pennsylvania 112 times in the past 136 years. http://www.raindayfestival.com/ National Lipstick Day http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lipstick

236

Birthday of NASA - On this day in 1958, President Dwight Eisenhower signed the National and Aeronautics and Space Act that led to the creation of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. http://history.nasa.gov/

Wednesday, July 30
Day 211 154 Days Remaining Kiss Your Car Day – Henry Ford (July 30, 1863 – April 7, 1947) didn’t invent the car, but he did make it affordable by developing the assembly line method of mass production. Today is his birthday. http://www.hfmgv.org/exhibits/hf/ http://www.history.com/topics/henry-ford National Cheesecake Day - See 101 Cheesecake Recipes. http://www.101cheesecakerecipes.com/ Comedy Day Father-in-Law Day WAVES Day - On this day in 1942 President Roosevelt signed a bill that allowed women to volunteer in the Navy as WAVES (Women Accepted for Volunteer Emergency Service). http://www.history.navy.mil/photos/prs-tpic/females/wave-ww2.htm

Thursday, July 31
Day 212 153 Days Remaining Mutts Day – A “mutt” is a mongrel dog (a dog without a pedigree). The majority of dogs today meet this qualification, but they still make good pets. Birthday of J.K. Rowling – Joanne Rowling, the author of the Harry Potter book series was born on this day in 1965. J.K. Rowling is her pen name. 237

www.jkrowling.com http://www.jkrowling.com/en_GB/ Shredded Wheat Birthday - Shredded Wheat was created in 1893 and continues to be sold today. http://www.postfoods.com/our-brands/post-shredded-wheat U.S. Patent Office Anniversary - Until the Federal Patent Act was passed, each state had their own patent rules and regulations. The first American patent was issued on this day in 1790. http://www.uspto.gov

Week-Long Events in

JULY
Special Recreation Week (first week) Be Nice to New Jersey Week (first full week) Barbershop Quartet Week (first full week) Take Charge of Change Week (first full week) Change can be stressful if you resist it or just let it happen but if you prepare yourself change can be a positive thing--or at least less scary. Dog Days of Summer (July 3 – August 11 according to The Old Farmer's Almanac) The name comes from the early belief that Sirus (the Dog Star) being close to the sun caused weather to be extra hot. http://earthsky.org/brightest-stars/sirius-the-brightest-star Freedom Week (week including July 4th) National Laundry Workers Week (second week) Farriers Week (second full week) A farrier takes care of horses' hooves, including trimming and shoeing. A farrier can also be a blacksmith, but they are two different occupations. A blacksmith is someone who works with iron using a furnace. Therapeutic Recreation Week (second full week) 238

This was created in 1984 by the National Therapeutic Recreation Society. http://www.recreativeresources.com National Independent Retailers Week (week that includes the 21st) National Rabbit Week (third week) World Hug Week (third week) Every Body Deserves a Massage week (third full week) http://www.amtamassage.org American Massage Therapy Association Coffee Week (fourth week) www.ineedcoffee.com National Salad Week (fourth week) www.salad-recipe.net Hospitality House week (fourth full week) www.nahhh.org National Association of Hospital Hospitality Houses

Month-Long Events in

JULY
Creativity Month – Several people have designated a month for creativity. One of them is Rita Emmett, author of The Procrastinators Handbook, The Procrastinating Child and The Clutter-Busting Handbook. http://www.ritaemmett.com Anti-Boredom Month – Here are 20 Really Cool Websites to Help Cure Boredom: http://webtrends.about.com/od/webportals/tp/20-really-cool-websites.htm Cell Phone Courtesy Month – See Cell Phone Etiquette Rules People Still Break: http://www.bspcn.com/2008/08/14/top-10-cell-phone-etiquette-rules-people-still-break/ Dog House Repair Month - If your dog needs a house, see How to Build a Dog House: http://www.azwoodman.com/how-to-build-doghouse.html Recreation and Parks Month www.nrpa.org National Recreation and Park Association 239

Tour de France Month http://www.letour.fr/le-tour/2013/us/ Women's Motorcycle Month http://www.motorcycle.com/news/july-is-womens-motorcycle-month-85113.html Purposeful Parenting Month Family Reunion Month http://family-reunion.com Home Inspector Appreciation Month www.nahi.org The National Association of Home Inspectors Water Gardening Month http://www.thepondprofessor.com/dirpondcare.htm Foreign Language Month http://www.huffingtonpost.com/rep-rush-holt/why-foreign-languageeduc_b_127588.html Smart Irrigation Month http://www.smartirrigationmonth.org Irrigation Association Skin Care Awareness Month http://www.womenfitness.net/skincare_month.htm Baked Bean Month http://www.beanbible.com Blueberry Month - Designated in 1999 by the Department of Agriculture. www.usda.gov Culinary Arts Month Hot Dog Month http://www.hot-dog.org Hot Dog City, sponsored by the National Hot Dog & Sausage Council National Ice Cream Month - Designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. http://www.idfa.org/news--views/media-kits/ice-cream/july-is-national-ice-cream-month/ Peach Month – As designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1982. Picnic Month

240

Cord Blood Awareness Month http://www.parentsguidecordblood.org Parent's Guide to Cord Blood Foundation International Group B Strep Awareness Month http://www.groupbstrepinternational.org Group B Strep International Hemochromatosis Screening Awareness Month http://www.americanhs.org American Hemochromatosis Society Juvenile Arthritis Awareness Month http://www.arthritis.org/conditions-treatments/disease-center/juvenile--arthritis/ UV Safety Month http://www.uvsungear.com/uv-safety-info.html Wheelchair Beautification Month – As designated by Horace Knowles.

241

~ August 2014 ~
Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu 1 Fri 2 Sat

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31

Notes:

242

Flower - Gladiolus (signifies beauty and strength of character) Alternate Flower - Poppy Birthstone - Peridot (signifies friendship and happiness) Alternate Birthstone - Sardonyx Name Origin - named for Augustus Caesar, first Roman emperor

Friday, August 1
Day 213 National Girlfriends Day Sports Day First U.S. Census – The first census, in 1790, recorded a population of four million people in the United States. Respect for Parents Day – “Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee.” Exodus 20:12. Rounds Resounding Day Birthday of Francis Scott Key – Francis Scott Key (August 1, 1779 – January 11, 1843) was a patriot, author, poet and attorney. He is best known for writing The Star-Spangled Banner which later became our national anthem. http://www.francisscottkey.org http://www.nps.gov/fomc/historyculture/francis-scott-key.htm http://www.usflag.org/francis.scott.key.html http://amhistory.si.edu/starspangledbanner/francis-scott-key.aspx Chopsticks Song Birthday - Chopsticks, also known as The Celebrated Chop Waltz, was written by English composer, Euphemia Allen, in 1877. Air Force Day - This was designated in 1947 by President Harry Truman. Holiday Inn Birthday – The first Holiday Inn opened in 1952. http://traveltips.usatoday.com/history-holiday-inn-hotels-61884.html 152 Days Remaining

243

National Minority Donor Awareness Day http://donatelife.net MTV Birthday – MTV, the cable television music channel, started on this day in 1981. www.mtv.com Woman Astronomers Day San Francisco Cable Car Day - Cable cars started running on this day in San Francisco in 1873. Spiderman's Birthday - Spiderman first appeared in Amazing Fantasy #15 in 1962. He got his own comic book series in 1963. Colorado Admission Day – Colorado became the 38th state in 1876. www.historycolorado.org http://www.history.com/topics/colorado

Saturday, August 2
Day 214 151 Days Remaining National Ice Cream Sandwich Day National Pretty is as Pretty Does Day Lincoln Penny Anniversary – The Lincoln penny was first issued on this day in 1909. National Mustard Day (first Saturday)

Sunday, August 3
Day 215 150 Days Remaining National Bratwurst Day – Some observe this on August 16th. 244

National Watermelon Day National Park Day www.nrpa.org National Recreation and Park Association American Canoe Association Anniversary - The American Canoe Association was founded on this day in 1880. http://www.americancanoe.org Airplane Crop Duster Day International Forgiveness Day (first Sunday) – This was created by the World Forgiveness Alliance. http://www.forgivenessalliance.org National Friendship Day (first Sunday) – This was designated by Congress in 1935. www.FriendshipDay.org Sisters Day (first Sunday) – “If you don't understand how a woman could both love her sister dearly and want to wring her neck at the same time, then you were probably an only child.” Linda Sunshine

Monday, August 4
Day 216 149 Days Remaining Kentucky Fried Chicken Birthday - The first Kentucky Fried Chicken franchise restaurant opened in 1952 in Salt Lake City, Utah. www.kfc.com Champagne Day Coast Guard Day - The Revenue Cutter Service was established on this day in 1790. The fleet of ten cutters were responsible for tariff laws. The name was changed to the Coast Guard in 1915. www.uscg.mil/ Birthday of President Barack Obama (born in 1961) - He is the forty-fourth president.

245

http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/barackobama

Tuesday, August 5
Day 217 148 Days Remaining Tish'a B'Av – A major Jewish holiday, the Ninth of Av, is a fast commemorating the destruction of the two Temples. It begins at sundown tonight. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014 International Beer Day http://www.internationalbeerday.com Traffic Lights Birthday - On this day in 1914 a red/green traffic signal was installed on the corner of East 105th Street and Euclid Avenue in Cleveland, Ohio. Work Like a Dog Day Income Tax Anniversary - To help finance the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln signed the law imposing the first federal income tax on this day in 1861. Income taxes were stopped in 1872 and revived in 1894. In 1895 the Supreme Court determined that income taxes were unconstitutional but that was rectified when the 16th Amendment was ratified in 1913. www.irs.gov National Night Out (first Tuesday) - This is also known as Night Out Against Crime. www.natw.org

Wednesday, August 6
Day 218 147 Days Remaining Birthday of the World Wide Web (WWW) - The World Wide Web has a long history of trial and error but the first time it was available to the public on the internet was on this day in 1991. 246

Wiggle Your Toes Day National Fresh Breath Day – Bad breath is an immediate offence that can jeopardize a business deal. So called “breath mints” can be a quick remedy in an emergency, but they can also contribute to the problem by drying out your mouth. The best treatment is to brush your teeth (and especially your tongue) with toothpaste after every meal. Chronic bad breath can be a sign of both dental and medical problems. Purple Heart Award Day - Originally called the Badge of Military Merit, the Purple Heart was established by George Washington on this day in 1782. At that time he was the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army.

Thursday, August 7
Day 219 Beach Party Day National Lighthouse Day – Congress approved the use of lighthouses on this day in 1789. National Sea Serpent Day 146 Days Remaining

Friday, August 8
Day 220 145 Days Remaining Happiness Happens Day – Happiness is contagious. http://sohp.com The Secret Society of Happy People National Frozen Custard Day Sneak Zucchini onto Your Neighbor's Porch Night

247

Kool-Aid® Days (9 – 11, second weekend including Friday) - This is observed in Hastings, Nebraska to celebrate Kool-Aid being Nebraska's official soft drink. http://www.kool-aiddays.com Gals Night Out (second Friday)

Saturday, August 9
Day 221 National Hand Holding Day National Rice Pudding Day Book Lovers Day - This is also celebrated the first Saturday in November. http://www.nationalbook.org National Book Foundation International Art Appreciation Day Celebrate Your Lakes Day – There are so many fun and relaxing activities to do on a lake. Volunteers are needed to keep our lakes clean and pollution-free. Join or sponsor a clean-up day. Dance a Polka Day http://www.letspolka.com Smokey Bear's Birthday - Smokey, mascot of the U.S. Forest Service, first appeared on a poster on this day in 1944. http://www.fs.fed.us http://www.smokeybear.com Betty Boop Birthday - Betty Boop made her first appearance in a cartoon on this day in 1930. At that time she was depicted as a French poodle, but became the person as we know her by 1932. National Garage Sale Day (second Saturday) – A yard sale is a great way to recycle usable items, and make a little money too! See these great tips: http://www.yardsalequeen.com 144 Days Remaining

248

Sunday, August 10
Day 222 143 Days Remaining

Full Moon aka Super Moon – The “Supermoon” phenomenon which generated a lot of interest in 2011 will make another appearance tonight. A full moon again coincides with the moon's closest approach to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. According to NASA, a full moon at perigee is up to 14% larger and 30% brighter than one at its furthest point (apogee). On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. This phase occurs at 18:09 UTC. This full moon was known by early Native American tribes as the Full Sturgeon Moon because the large sturgeon fish of the Great Lakes and other major lakes were more easily caught at this time of year. The full moon in August is most commonly called the “Grain Moon,” as farmers trying to get their harvest in may take advantage of the light of the full moon to work into the night. This moon has also been known as the Green Corn Moon. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. http://earthsky.org/space/what-is-a-supermoon National S'mores Day Lazy Day National Spoil Your Dog Day Smithsonian Institute Anniversary - The Act that created the Smithsonian Institute was signed by President James K. Polk was signed on this day in 1846. The more than $500,000 used to start it were bequeathed in a will by British scientist, Jame Smithson, for reasons no one really knows. http://www.si.edu/About/History

249

Missouri Admission Day - Missouri became the 24th state in 1821. http://www.mohistory.org http://www.history.com/topics/missouri http://www.sos.mo.gov/archives/history/ http://shs.umsystem.edu/index.shtml http://mo.nhd.org Birthday of President Herbert Hoover – Hebert Clark Hoover (August 10, 1874 – October 20, 1964) was the thirty-first president of the United States of America. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/herberthoover http://www.history.com/topics/herbert-hoover http://millercenter.org/president/hoover http://www.hoover.archives.gov Presidential Library & Museum http://www.nps.gov/heho/historyculture/herbert-hoover.htm National Historic Site

Monday, August 11
Day 223 142 Days Remaining Son and Daughter Day – Children grow up so fast. Spend time with them while you can. Play in the Sand Day Roller Rink Birthday - The world's first roller rink opened on this day in 1866 in Newport, Rhode Island. Mall of America Birthday - The Mall of America was opened to the public on this day in Bloomington, Minnesota in 1992. This is the largest shopping mall in America in terms of retail space but second in terms of total floor space. Since malls often add space the largest mall title changes over time. Birthday of Steve Wozniak - Stephen Gary “Steve” Wozniak, known as Woz, cofounded Apple Computer with Steve Jobs and Ronald Wayne. The co-founder of Apple computers was born on this day in 1950. www.woz.org/ Birthday of Robert G. Ingersoll – Robert Green Ingersoll (August 11, 1833 – July 21, 1899) was a free-thinker, orator and rights advocate. http://www.secularhumanism.org/index.php?section=ingersoll&page=bio

250

Annual Medical Check-Up Day – Everybody should have a thorough medical examination at least once a year. Presidential Joke Day - This day originated in 1984 when President Ronald Reagan was doing a voice test before a radio address. He didn't realize he was on the air and as a joke he said: “My fellow Americans, I am pleased to tell you I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever. The bombing begins in five minutes.”

Tuesday, August 12
Day 224 141 Days Remaining Perseids Meteor Shower – The Perseids is one of the best meteor showers to observe, producing up to 60 meteors per hour at their peak. The shower's peak usually occurs on August 13 & 14, but you may be able to see some meteors any time from July 23 August 22. The radiant point for this shower will be in the constellation Perseus. The near first quarter moon will set before midnight, leaving optimal conditions and dark skies for what should be an awesome show. Find a location far from city lights and look to the northeast after midnight. If your business or office has a good area for stargazing, host a Meteor Shower Party. Make it very family friendly: No smoking or alcohol permitted, serve hotdogs, provide some children’s games, etc. Partner with an amateur astronomy club to provide some telescopes and viewing assistance. Providing a fun, family-friendly event like this is a great way to connect with the community and build goodwill for your company, which makes this a great promotional idea! Thank You Day (also celebrated on September 20) Middle Children's Day Vinyl Record Day - This was started in 2002 by the San Luis Obispo County Board of Supervisors in California to recognize Edison's invention of the phonograph in 1877. http://www.vinylrecordday.com International Youth Day - This was designated by the United Nations in 1999 to draw attention to youth issues worldwide. http://www.un.org/en/events/youthday/ Truck Drivers Day

251

Wednesday, August 13
Day 225 140 Days Remaining Left-Handers Day – This was created in 1976 by Left-Handers International. http://www.lefthandersday.com http://www.left-handersinternational.com Left-Handers International See this list of Famous Left-Handers: http://www.indiana.edu/~primate/left.html http://www.anythinglefthanded.co.uk Greyhound Bus Birthday – In 1914 the first Greyhound bus line opened. There was only one bus and it went between the towns of Hibbing and Alice in Minnesota. www.greyhound.com Taxicab Birthday – Some sources have the word “taxicab” as being coined by Harry N. Allen in 1907, but other sources dispute that. Bambi’s Birthday – Walt Disney's animated film Bambi opened in New York on this day in 1942 after premiering in London a few days earlier. http://disney.go.com/disneyvideos/animatedfilms/bambi/

Thursday, August 14
Day 226 139 Days Remaining National Creamsicle® Day – Creamsicles® are on a stick like popsicles, but with vanilla ice cream in the center. http://www.popsicle.com/product/category/107662/creamsicle Romance Day Wiffle Ball Birthday – The Wiffle Ball was created on this day in 1953 by David Mullany. National Financial Awareness Day

252

International Nagging Day Navajo Code Talkers Day - This was designated by President Ronald Reagan on this day in 1982. Navajos and other Native American code talkers have served in various wars and different branches of the military. http://navajocodetalkers.org Social Security Act Day - On this day in 1935 the Social Security Act became law. http://www.ssa.gov/history/

Friday, August 15
Day 227 Sit Back and Relax Day National I Love Cowboys and Cowgirls Day Wizard of Oz Day – The motion picture The Wizard of Oz had its official Hollywood premiere on this day in 1939 but was first shown three days earlier in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin. http://thewizardofoz.warnerbros.com 138 Days Remaining

Saturday, August 16
Day 228 True Love Forever Day Tell a Joke Day National Bratwurst Day – This is sometimes listed as August 3rd. Eyeglasses Birthday – Handheld magnification has been used since ancient times. There are also very early records of dark glasses to reduce glare. However, the first person to 137 Days Remaining

253

invent wearable, corrective eyeglasses is not known. One person so credited is an Italian, Salvino D'Armate, on this day in 1284. Klondike Gold Discovery Anniversary – Gold was discovered along the Klondike River in Canada on this day in 1896. Since that region was remote most prospectors landed in Alaska and then hiked and rafted to the area of the gold. Woodward Dream Cruise Day (third Saturday) - This was started in 1995 in Detroit as a fundraiser for a soccer field in a nearby city. It has grown into the largest one-day classic car show in the world. http://www.woodwarddreamcruise.com International Homeless Animals Day® (third Saturday) - This was created by the International Society for Animal Rights to create awareness of pet overpopulation and promote spay/neuter programs. http://www.isaronline.org/ihad.html

Sunday, August 17
Day 229 136 Days Remaining National Honey Bee Day - As much as one third of the food we eat is pollinated by honey bees, to say nothing of the honey they provide. http://www.nationalhoneybeeday.com National Thrift Shop Day - If you don't shop at your local Goodwill, DAV or other thrift shop you are missing out on some great bargains. Birthday of Davy Crockett – Davy Crockett (August 17, 1786 – March 6, 1836) was a frontiersman, politician and soldier. He died at the battle of the Alamo. http://www.lsjunction.com/people/crockett.htm http://twain.lib.virginia.edu/projects/price/acrocket.htm http://www.history.com/topics/davy-crockett http://davycrockettfacts.com Sandcastle Day - See Sandcastle Central for tips and tricks on building sandcastles as well as some amazing sand sculpture photos. http://www.sandcastlecentral.com Wrench Birthday - The first wrench patent was granted to Solymon Merrick in 1835.

254

Monday, August 18
Day 230 135 Days Remaining Mail Order Catalog Printing Day Birthday of Virginia Dare – The first English child born in America was Virginia Dare, on this day in 1587 (her date of death is unknown). She is the namesake of Dare County, North Carolina. She was the granddaughter of John White, the governor of the Colony of Roanoke. http://www.britannica.com/EBchecked/topic/151518/Virginia-Dare http://www.co.dare.nc.us/ Dare County, North Carolina BTK Sentencing Day - On this day in 2005, serial killer, Dennis Rader, aka BTK, was sentenced to ten life sentences in prison and will not be eligible for parole for at least 175 years. The killings started in 1974 with the killing of four members of the Otero family. He eventually killed at least ten people with his last murder taking place in 1991. During the years of the killings Rader communicated with the police and newspapers and gave himself the name BTK (which stood for Bind, Torture, Kill). Rader does not appear to have been extremely popular or well liked but seemed to be a normal family man active in the community and in his church, and not the type of person you would suspect of murder. He may not have been caught if he hadn't started communicating with the police again. http://documentarystorm.com/b-t-k-the-worlds-most-elusive-serial-killer/

Tuesday, August 19
Day 231 134 Days Remaining National Aviation Day – This was designated in 1939 by President Franklin Roosevelt. This day was chosen because it is the birthday of Orville Wright (August 19, 1871 – January 30, 1948) and it celebrates the development of aviation. See The Aviation History Online Museum http://wright.nasa.gov/orville.htm www.aviation-history.com Aviation History Online Museum

255

http://www.co.dare.nc.us/ Dare County, North Carolina Stay at Home with Your Kids Day (third Monday) – This was started in 1999 by Work at Home Moms online magazine. The purpose is to encourage and support parents who have chosen to work from home in order to spend more time with their children. http://www.wahm.com http://www.wahm.com/articles/Stay-Home-With-Your-Kids-Day.html World Photography Day – Louis Daguerre (November 18, 1787 – July 10, 1851) is credited with inventing photography. On this day in 1839 his invention of the Daguerreotype photographic process was announced by the French government as a gift “Free to the World.” This, and the invention of the Calotype process, lead to photography as we know it today. www.worldphotographyday.org National Soft Ice Cream Day National Potato Day Hot and Spicy Food Day Birthday of President Bill Clinton – William Jefferson “Bill” Clinton (born August 19, 1946) was the forty-second president. www.clintonfoundation.org www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/williamjclinton

Wednesday, August 20
Day 232 133 Days Remaining All-American Soap Box Derby Day - The first Soap Box Derby was held on this day in 1934. http://www.aasbd.org Chocolate Pecan Pie Day Bad Hair Day – This is the birthday of Don King, born Cleveland, Ohio in 1931. You have to hand it to the guy. He would not be as well known as he is, if it wasn’t for the wild hairstyle. He is an American boxing promoter, famous for the “Rumble in the Jungle” and the “Thrilla in Manila.” He has had a long association with Mike Tyson. http://www.donking.com

256

National Lemonade Day - Many sources indicate that lemonade was invented on this day in 1630 in Paris, France. However, the idea of adding water and sugar to fruit juice is not exclusive to one individual or location, and is likely to have been done by many. National Radio Day http://www.westga.edu/~bquest/2001/radio.htm Dial Telephone Birthday - A. E. Keith and John and Charles Erickson applied for a patent on the dial telephone on this day in 1896. World Mosquito Day - On this day in 1897 Dr. Ronald Ross discovered the link between mosquitoes and malaria. For this discovery he was awarded the Nobel Prize for medicine in 1902. http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/medicine/laureates/1902/ross-bio.html http://www.malariasite.com/malaria/ross.htm Birthday of President Benjamin Harrison (August 20, 1833 – March 13, 1901) – He was the twenty-third president. He was a grandson of President William Henry Harrison. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/benjaminharrison http://www.presidentbenjaminharrison.org http://millercenter.org/president/bharrison http://www.history.com/topics/benjamin-harrison

Thursday, August 21
Day 233 132 Days Remaining National Spumoni Day http://www.cooks.com/rec/search/0,1-0,spumoni_ice_cream,FF.html Christopher Robin's Birthday - Christopher Robin Milne is the son of Alan Alexander Milne, author of the Winnie the Pooh book series. He was born on this day in 1920. Christopher and his stuffed animal collection were the inspiration behind the characters in the stories. http://www.gutenberg.org/browse/authors/m#a730 http://www.npg.org.uk/collections/search/person.php?LinkID=mp09399 Monarch Butterflies Day - About this time of year monarch butterflies begin their annual migration from Canada and the northern part of the United States to central Mexico.

257

http://www.monarchwatch.org National Senior Citizens Day – As designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1988. http://www.usa.gov/Topics/Seniors.shtml American Bar Association Birthday - The American Bar Association was founded on this day in 1878 in New York. http://www.americanbar.org Hawaii Admission Day - Hawaii became the 50th state on this day in 1959. http://www.hawaiihistory.org http://www.gohawaii.com/statewide/travel-tips/history http://www.history.com/topics/hawaii http://www.hawaiianhistory.org http://www.hawaiian-roots.com/hawaiihistory.htm

Friday, August 22
Day 234 131 Days Remaining Be an Angel Day - This was started in 1993 by Jayne Howard Feldman to encourage people to be an like an angel to someone today. http://www.earthangel4peace.com National Eat a Peach Day Cadillac Birthday - The Cadillac Automobile Company was started on this day in 1902. http://www.cadillac.com Tooth Fairy Day (also celebrated on February 28) Birthday of President Lyndon B. Johnson – Lyndon Baines Johnson (August 27, 1908 – January 22, 1973) was the thirty-sixth president of the United States of America. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/lyndonbjohnson http://www.lbjlib.utexas.edu/johnson/archives.hom/biographys.hom/lbj_bio.asp http://www.history.com/topics/lyndon-b-johnson http://www.nps.gov/lyjo/index.htm http://millercenter.org/president/lbjohnson http://www.lbjlibrary.org http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/films/lbj/

258

Saturday, August 23
Day 235 Hug Your Sweetheart Day Ride the Wind Day Health Unit Coordinator Day - This was created in 1980 by the National Association of Health Unit Coordinators, Inc. www.nahuc.org/HUC%20Day%20August%2023.htm www.nahuc.org 130 Days Remaining

Sunday, August 24
Day 236 129 Days Remaining Shooting Star Day – We are not sure why this day is observed, since there are no meteor showers peaking tonight. The closest meteor shower, the Perseids, peaks on the night of August 12 and the morning of August 13. Tonight is actually the last night to see any meteors from the Perseids for this year, before the Earth finishes its annual pass through the path of comet Swift-Tuttle (which was discovered in 1862). Waffle Day – The waffle iron was patented on this day in 1869 to Cornelius Swartwout. International Strange Music Day – This was created by professional musician, Patrick Grant, to encourage people to expand their repertoire of music appreciation. http://www.strangemusic.com Single-Parent Family Day – According to the 2010 United States Census, 27% of children live with one parent. http://www.singleparentadvocate.org http://www.webmd.com/parenting/features/single-parents-tips http://singleparent411.org

259

Monday, August 25
Day 237 128 Days Remaining New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 9:13AM CST, 14:13 UTC.

Kiss and Make Up Day – A reaffirmation of affection is often the best way to bring about a reconciliation. Healthy Lifestyle Day – Good health must be maintained on a daily basis. http://www.mayoclinic.com/health/HealthyLivingIndex/HealthyLivingIndex National Park Service Day – The National Park Service was established in 1916. www.nps.gov Amelia Earhart Day - On this day in 1932 Amelia Earhart became the first female aviator to fly nonstop across the United States. http://www.ameliaearhart.com

260

English Channel Swim Day - On this day in 1875, Captain Matthew Webb (January 19, 1848 – July 24, 1883) of England became the first person to swim the English Channel without assistance. Eight years later he drowned while attempting to swim across the Niagara River just downriver from the Falls.

Tuesday, August 26
Day 238 127 Days Remaining Birthday of Mother Teresa - Mother Teresa, born Anjezë Gonxhe Bojaxhiu (August 26, 1910 – September 5, 1997), celebrated her birthday on the 27th because that was the day she was baptized. After her death, she was beatified by Pope John Paul II and given the title “Blessed Teresa of Calcutta.” http://www.motherteresa.org http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_prizes/peace/laureates/1979/teresa-bio.html http://www.ewtn.com/motherteresa/ National Cherry Popsicle Day www.popsicle.com National Dog Day - This was created in 2004 by author and dog trainer, Colleen Paige. http://www.nationaldogday.com 4-leaf clover Make Your Own Luck Day Women's Equality Day - On this day in 1920 the Nineteenth Amendment to the Constitution, giving women the right to vote, became law. A Presidential Proclamation was made by President Obama in 2012. http://www.nwhp.org/resourcecenter/equalityday.php http://womenshistory.about.com/od/wed/Womens_Equality_Day_August_26.htm http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2012/08/24/presidential-proclamationwomen-s-equality-day-2012 Horseshoe Day Toilet Paper Birthday – Some sources list today as the day toilet paper was invented in 580. Because there were no patents, newspaper ads or written history of the event, no one really knows if this is true. People have tried all kinds of things before paper was invented. Some of the most common were grass, leaves, corncobs, stones, sponges and their left hand. In India, the custom is for food to only be consumed using the right hand.

261

After paper was invented, many people used old catalogs and newspapers. The rolled and perforated toilet paper like we use today was first produced around 1880. See the History of Toilet Paper: http://nobodys-perfect.com/vtpm/exhibithall/informational/tphistory.html

Wednesday, August 27
Day 239 126 Days Remaining National Banana Lovers Day – Bananas are the perfect food. They come in an easy to carry six-pack called a “bunch.” They come in biodegradable zip-open packaging. They have a snap-open top. They come with a non-slip grip. They have a built-in ripeness indicator: Green is not ripe yet, yellow is just right for eating, brown freckles mean it’s about to pass its expiration date, and dark brown means it’s ready for making banana bread. They are ergonomically designed for optimal insertion into the mouth. The fruit inside is soft, sweet and easily digested. They are very affordable, relatively speaking. http://nutritiondata.self.com/facts/fruits-and-fruit-juices/1846/2 http://www.banana.com http://www.whfoods.com/genpage.php?tname=foodspice&dbid=7 http://www.chiquita.com/products/fruits/bananas.aspx Just Because Day – Just because you want to. Motorist Consideration Day – If drivers would show some consideration of other drivers, there would be fewer accidents and definitely less stress.

Thursday, August 28
Day 240 125 Days Remaining National Cherry Turnover Day National Bow Tie Day

262

End of the Fairy Tale Day - Prince Charles and Princess Diana were divorced on this day in 1996. I Have a Dream Day - This is the anniversary of Martin Luther King's famous speech in 1963, delivered from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom to over 250,000 civil rights supporters. http://www.learnoutloud.com/Free-AudioVideo/Politics/-/I-Have-a-Dream/7283 http://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/mlkihave adream.htm

Photo: LIFE

Friday, August 29
Day 241 124 Days Remaining Neptune Night – The blue planet will be at its closest approach to Earth and its face will be fully illuminated by the Sun. This is the best time to view Neptune. Due to its distance, it will only appear as a tiny blue dot in all but the most powerful telescopes. Chop Suey Day Final Episode of The Fugitive - The final episode of the TV series The Fugitive was on this day in 1967. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056757/ Lemon Juice Day - Lemon juice not only adds flavor to a wide variety of foods, it is also a great source of Vitamin C and flavonoids. It also can be used as a natural cleanser. http://www.food.com/library/lemon-juice-55 http://www.fitsugar.com/10-Reasons-Lemon-Juice-Good-You-14860617 http://www.naturalnews.com/lemon_juice.html http://www.mnn.com/your-home/at-home/stories/24-things-you-can-clean-with-lemon Mary Poppins Day – The motion picture Mary Poppins was released by Disney on this day in 1964. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058331/ http://disneydvd.disney.go.com/mary-poppins-45th-anniversary-special-edition.html http://movies.disney.com/movies/mary-poppins-4ba34c4976ce759e961b9666 http://www.marypoppins.com The Broadway musical

263

Saturday, August 30
Day 242 123 Days Remaining National Marshmallow Toasting Day – This time of year is too warm for a bonfire, but… Rowboat Day – Apparently, today is the day to row, row, row your boat . . . National Frankenstein Day – Birthday of Mary Wollstonecraft Shelly (August 30, 1797 – February 1, 1851), author of the book Frankenstein. http://people.brandeis.edu/~teuber/shelleybio.html http://www.duluth.lib.mn.us/programs/frankenstein/shelleybio.html http://www.online-literature.com/shelley_mary/ http://www.gutenberg.org/browse/authors/s#a61

Sunday, August 31
Day 243 Eat Outside Day Trail Mix Day – Make your own trail mix with dried fruits, nuts and seeds. Add some M&M chocolate candies. National Box Car Day http://www.marshallindependent.com/page/content.detail/id/535737/Box-Car-Days-soon-to-get-rolling-in-Tracy.html?nav=5015 http://www2.exploreminnesota.com/events/1887/box-car-days/details.aspx http://www.tracymn.org 122 Days Remaining

Week-Long Events in

264

AUGUST
Simplify Your Life Week (first week) www.OnlineOrganizing.com Clown Week (first week) www.InternationalClownWeek.org Video Game Week (first week) National Fraud Awareness Week (first full week) This is sponsored by the FCC and aimed at phone and mail fraud. There are many types of fraud aimed at senior citizens. www.fcc.gov http://www.poststat.net/pwp008/pub.52/issue.1098/article.4530/ Smile Week (second week) Visit your dentist regularly and keep smiling! National Bargain Hunting Week (week starting the first Monday) This was created by author Debbie Keri-Brown in 1996. http://bargainhunting.webs.com Air Conditioning Appreciation Week (second full week) National Scrabble Week (second full week) Don’t Wait! Celebrate! Week (second full week) This week was created by Patty Sachs to remind us that we don't always have to wait until a special occasion to celebrate. http://www.pattysachs.com/dontwait.htm Resurrect Romance Week (second full week) This was started in 1995 by author Michael Webb to promote romantic gestures that focus on time and attention and not money or things. http://www.theromantic.com Aviation Week (week including Orville Wright's birthday, born Aug 19, 1874) http://www.aviation-history.com The Aviation History Online Museum Thanks for all the Gifts Week (third week) 265

National Friendship Week (third week) National Veterinary Week (fourth week) National Heritage Week (fourth full week) http://www.heritageweek.ie Be Kind to Humankind Week (25 - 31) This was created in 1988 by Lorraine Jara to encourage people not to ignore the needs of our fellow human beings. http://bk2hk.org

Month-Long Events in

AUGUST
Happiness Happens Month http://sohp.com The Secret Society of Happy People Hug Month Romance Awareness Month Artist Appreciation Month http://www.artyfactory.com/art_appreciation/art_appreciation.html Air Travel Month Family Fun Month Golf Month http://www.golf.com National Parks Month http://www.nrpa.org National Recreation and Park Association Gladiola Month http://www.flower-gardening-made-easy.com/gladiola-bulbs.html Clown Month

266

http://worldclown.com World Clown Association Win With Civility Month Toddler Month Get Ready for Kindergarten Month Child Support Month Data Entry Month Inventors Month http://inventors.about.com/od/astartinventors/a/Famous_Inventor.htm Make a Will Month (also listed in May) - Making a will is something we tend to put off but it if you have ever had a family member pass away with no will you know the confusion and conflict it causes. Ideally a will should be drawn up by an attorney. But if that isn't an option there are many websites that will help you create your own will. Coffee Month http://www.ineedcoffee.com Brownies at Brunch Month Catfish Month Harvest Month Children's Eye Health and Safety Month http://www.preventblindness.org Children's Vision and Learning Month http://www.childrensvision.com Children's Vision Information Network Cataract Awareness Month http://www.aao.org American Academy of Ophthalmology Eye Exam Month – If it has been more than a year since your last eye exam you should schedule one today. http://www.seetolearn.com Eye Care Council, Inc. National Immunization Awareness Month http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/events/niam/default.htm Medic Alert Month

267

http://www.medicalert.org MedicAlert Foundation Psoriasis Awareness Month http://www.psoriasis.org National Psoriasis Foundation Spinal Muscular Atrophy Awareness Month http://www.curesma.org Families of SMA Water Quality Month http://wqic.nal.usda.gov The Water Quality Information Center

268

~ September 2014 ~
Sun Mon 1 Labor Day Tue 2 3 Wed 4 Thu 5 Fri 6 Sat

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

Notes:

269

Flower - Aster (signifies devotion and joy) Alternate Flower - Morning Glory Birthstone - Sapphire (signifies clear thinking and purity) Name Origin - September is Latin for seventh (it was originally the seventh month)

Monday, September 1
Day 244 121 Days Remaining Labor Day (first Monday) - This was started by the Knights of Labor to celebrate the working class. It was first observed as a legal holiday in Oregon in 1887. Congress declared it a national holiday in 1894. National Cherry popover Day Dr. Phil Day - Dr. Phil McGraw was born on this day in 1950. Even though he counsels couples having marital difficulty, he seems to be having some of his own. http://www.drphil.com Birthday of Rocky Marciano – Rocky Marciano (September 1, 1923 – August 31, 1969) was an American professional boxer and the World Heavyweight Champion. American Chess Day

Tuesday, September 2
Day 245 Pierce Your Ears Day National Blueberry Popsicle Day 120 Days Remaining

270

V-J Day - This is also called Victory over Japan Day. It marks the anniversary of the signing of the surrender documents by Japan that ended WWII in 1945.

Wednesday, September 3
Day 246 119 Days Remaining National Wilderness Day - The Wilderness Act was enacted by Congress in 1964. Skyscraper Day - This a day to appreciate the tall buildings in your area. National Welsh Rarebit Day – Also known as Welsh Rabbit.

Thursday, September 4
Day 247 World Chocolate Day Eat an Extra Dessert Day Kodak™ Anniversary - George Eastman patented roll film and trademarked the name “Kodak” in 1888. http://www.kodak.com/US/en/corp/kodakHistory/ Bright Idea Day – A bright idea means nothing unless it is acted upon. Newspaper Carrier Day - The first newspaper carrier, Barney Flaherty, was hired on this day in 1833 by the New York Sun. 118 Days Remaining

271

Friday, September 5
Day 248 Cheese Pizza Day Clifford the Big Red Dog Birthday - The first book of the Clifford the Big Red Dog series was published in 1963. (Some sources say February 15, 1963.) http://www.scholastic.com/clifford/ Be Late for Something Day Birthday of Jesse James – Infamous western outlaw Jesse James (September 5, 1847 – April 3, 1882) was a bank robber, train robber, and murderer from Missouri. He was killed by a member of his own gang, Robert Ford, who wanted to collect a bounty on James. 117 Days Remaining

Saturday, September 6
Day 249 116 Days Remaining National Coffee Ice Cream Day Read a Book Day - Visit your local library. http://www.nationalbook.org National Book Foundation Fight Procrastination Day (aka Just Do It! Day) - Whatever you've been putting off, now's the time. If what you are facing seems too difficult break it down into steps and do the first one. Often things are not as difficult as they seemed once you start. Aunt's Day (Saturday after Labor Day, also celebrated the third Sunday in May) Federal Lands Cleanup Day (Saturday after Labor Day) - This was created in 1985 to encourage all citizens to help in the cleanup of federal lands. President Reagan made a Presidential Proclamation on September 5, 1986. http://www.reagan.utexas.edu/archives/speeches/1986/090586c.htm 272

National Hummingbird Day (first Saturday)

Sunday, September 7
Day 250 115 Days Remaining Raggedy Ann's Birthday - The original Raggedy Ann doll was created in 1915 and the first of the book series came out in 1918. Automobile Parade Day - On this day in 1899, the first automobile parade in America took place at Madison Square Garden in New York City. Google Commemoration Day - Google was created on this day in 1998 by Sergey Brin and Larry Page. http://www.google.com/about/company/history/ Neither Rain Nor Snow Day - This celebrates the opening of the New York Post Office on this day in 1914. Inscribed on the building is “Neither snow nor rain not heat nor gloom of night, stays these couriers from the swift completion of their appointed rounds.” Beer Lover's Day ESPN Birthday - ESPN debuted in 1979. http://espncareers.com/about-us/history.aspx Grandparents Day (Sunday after Labor Day) - This was designated by President Jimmy Carter in 1978 with the urging of Marian McQuade. The official song of Grandparents Day is “A Song for Grandma and Grandpa” by Johnny Prill. The official flower is the forget-me-not. http://www.grandparents.com/grandkids/grandparents-day/when-is-grandparents-day

Monday, September 8
Day 251 114 Days Remaining

273

Blue's Birthday - Blue's Clues premiered on this day in 1996. http://www.nickjr.com/blues-clues/ International Literacy Day - This was designated by UNESCO in 1966 by the National Institute for Literacy. http://www.unesco.org/new/en/unesco/events/prizes-andcelebrations/celebrations/international-days/literacy-day/ Miss America Anniversary – The first Miss America, Margaret Gorman of the District of Columbia, was crowned on this day in 1921 in Atlantic City, New Jersey. http://www.missamerica.org/our-miss-americas/miss-america-history.aspx Pledge of Allegiance Day - On this day in 1892 a Boston magazine published some words written by Francis Bellamy for students to repeat on October 12 (Columbus Day) that year. Those words, “I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands – one nation indivisible – with liberty and justice for all,” soon became known as the Pledge of Allegiance. In 1923, the words “my flag” were replaced with “the Flag of the United States of America.” On December 28, 1945 Congress officially recognized the Pledge of Allegiance. In 1954 the words “under God” were added. http://www.ushistory.org/documents/pledge.htm Pardon Me Day - On this day in 1974, President Gerald Ford granted a “full, free, and absolute pardon unto Richard Nixon for all offenses against the United States which he, Richard Nixon, has committed or may have committed or taken part in during the period from January 20, 1969 through August 9, 1974.”

Tuesday, September 9
Day 252 113 Days Remaining Fruit Moon or Harvest Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in September is called the “Fruit Moon” or “Harvest Moon.” The farmers trying to get their harvest in may take advantage of the light of the full moon to work

274

into the night. The full moon will occur at 01:38 UTC. Teddy Bear Day – The stuffed bear cub toy was named for U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt, whose nickname was “Teddy.” Roosevelt refused to kill a captured American Black Bear captured by his attendants on a hunting trip in Mississippi in November 1902. He deemed it unsportsmanlike, but instructed them to kill the animal to put it out of its misery. A political cartoon by Clifford Berryman in The Washington Post on November 16, 1902 depicted Roosevelt refusing to shoot a cute little bear. Morris Michtom saw the cartoon and created a small stuffed bear cub, which he put on display in his store window with a sign that read, “Teddy’s Bear.” The new toy was an instant success and spawned the Ideal Novelty and Toy Co. Through mergers and acquisitions, what was the Ideal Toy Company is now part of Mattel, Inc. Pampers Birthday - Pampers were first sold in 1961. The original disposable diapers were nothing like they are today. They were very bulky and just rectangular instead of fitted. There were no fasteners so you still had to use diaper pins. On top of that they were very expensive. Most people used them only for vacations because they were disposable. It was inconvenient to wash cloth diapers while away from home. www.pampers.com Birthday of NBC – The National Broadcasting Company was formed in 1926 by RCA (Radio Corporation of America). Its logo is a stylized peacock with different-colored feathers, first put into use when the network began broadcasting in color. www.nbc.com California Admission Day - California became the 31st state on this day in 1850. http://www.californiahistory.com http://www.history.com/topics/california http://www.californiahistoricalsociety.org http://www.ca.gov/about/history.html

Wednesday, September 10
Day 253 International Make Up Day Sew Be It! Day – Elias Howe patented the first working sewing machine in the United States on this day in 1846. 112 Days Remaining

275

National Swap Ideas Day – We all have a lot of ideas that just never go anywhere. Perhaps by swapping ideas we will find someone who can expand on our brainchild and carry it through to fruition. Make Your Bed Day World Suicide Prevention Day http://www.iasp.info International Association for Suicide Prevention

Thursday, September 11
Day 254 111 Days Remaining 9-11 Anniversary – On this day in 2001 terrorists attacked the World Trade Center towers and the Pentagon. http://www.911memorial.org Patriots Day - This day is in memory of the 2,993 people killed in the September 11, 2001 attacks. http://www.911memorial.org National 911 Emergency Day – This was proclaimed by President Ronald Reagan in 1987. This day is to celebrate the 911 system and the public safety dispatchers who get rescue and/or medical assistance to those in need in case of an emergency. http://kidshealth.org/kid/watch/er/911.html No News is Good News Day Hoover Dam - Hoover Dam, now a National Historic Landmark, was dedicated on this day in 1936. http://www.usbr.gov/lc/hooverdam/ http://travelnevada.com/destinations/hoover-dam/ http://www.history.com/topics/hoover-dam STOP a Suicide Today (Thursday of the week including the 10th) - Of the almost 30,000 who commit suicide every year, seventy percent of them give some kind of warning ahead of time. http://www.stopasuicide.org Stop a Suicide Today!

276

National Day of the Working Parent (second Thursday) - Working parents have a constant juggling act to try to balance both work and home lives. Thank goodness for FMLA in helping parents be able to take time off when their children are ill.

Friday, September 12
Day 255 110 Days Remaining National Chocolate Milkshake Day – This is a favorite holiday of many people, young and old. National Policewoman Day National Video Games Day – Not all video games are a waste of time. Some are designed to make learning fun.

Saturday, September 13
Day 256 109 Days Remaining Positive Thinking Day http://www.positivethinkingday.com Fortune Cookie Day – There are several different claims as to the origin of the fortune cookie. Most likely they were first created in California in the early 1900's.

277

Promotional Fortune Cookies!

Nobody can resist finding out their fortune! Promotional Fortune Cookies can be used to promote a business product or service. We can provide a marketing program or business promotion with fortune cookies containing customized messages. These fortune cookies are individually-wrapped, making them easy to distribute. We can also provide them in a customized Chinese restaurant take-out box, to continue the promotion theme! Promotional Fortune Cookies are a fun way to promote your business and get the attention of your customers and prospects, making this a Great Promotional Idea!

National Peanut Day http://www.peanut-institute.org Bald is Beautiful Day (also celebrated on October 14) Defy Superstition Day - So walk under a ladder, break a mirror, let a black cat cross your path, open an umbrella indoors and do all those other things that many people feel are bad luck. Thank a Programmer Day - Everything you do on a computer has a programmer behind it. Scooby-Doo Birthday - Scooby-Doo debuted on this day in 1969. National Iguana Awareness Day (second Saturday) http://exoticpets.about.com/cs/iguanas/a/niad.htm Iguana care tips

278

Sunday, September 14
Day 257 108 Days Remaining National Cream-Filled Donut Day Greenpeace Day – Greenpeace was founded in 1971. http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/en/ Francis Scott Key Day – Francis Scott Key wrote The Star Spangled Banner in 1814. Lone Ranger Day – Clayton Moore (September 14, 1914 – December 28, 1999) played a fictional western character, The Lone Ranger, on the television series of the same name. The program ran from 1949-1951 and from 1954-1957. National Pet Memorial Day - (second Sunday)

Monday, September 15
Day 258 107 Days Remaining PHF Sibling Appreciation Day – The Pediatric Hydrocephalus Foundation, Inc is a 501c(3) not-for-profit corporation whose purpose is to fund a cure for hydrocephalus, a birth disorder of the brain. www.hydrocephaluskids.org Felt Hat Day - The weather is starting to cool and so it is time to bring out your felt hat. International Sing-Out Day (this is also celebrated on April 23) - Sing in the shower, sing in the car on the way to work, get a group together to sing on your lunch hour, have a family song fest after dinner, and last of all sing your baby to sleep. Born to Be Wild Day – We are not sure of the reason for this day, but it may be a good day to listen to Steppenwolf's “Born to Be Wild.”

279

National Caregivers Day - If you know someone who is a caregiver for a sick relative or friend try to support them in any way you can. Just taking over for an hour while they take a nap can be a great help. If you don't feel you can handle caregiving then offer to do some shopping, mow the lawn or some other task. SomeDay – We couldn't find much information about this day but most likely it is the time to do all those things we planned to do “someday.” Birthday of President William Howard Taft (September 15, 1857 – March 8, 1930) – He was the twenty-seventh president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/williamhowardtaft http://millercenter.org/president/taft http://www.history.com/topics/william-howard-taft http://www.nps.gov/wiho/index.htm http://www.supremecourthistory.org/history-of-the-court/chief-justices/william-howardtaft-1921-1930/

Tuesday, September 16
Day 259 106 Days Remaining Wife Appreciation Day – Don’t look at this as just another day to bring flowers and candy. See it as a day to seriously think of all the contributions your wife brings to the relationship. Make a point of telling her how much you appreciate those things. Play-Doh® Day - Play-Doh® was created by Joe McVicker in 1956. http://www.hasbro.com/playdoh/en_us/ Collect Rocks Day http://suite101.com/article/rock-collecting-for-beginners-a95918 National Step-Family Day http://www.blended-families.com International Day for the Preservation of the Ozone Layer - This was started by the United Nations General Assembly in 1994 to commemorate the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer signing in 1987. http://www.un.org/en/events/ozoneday/

280

Mayflower Departure Anniversary - The Pilgrims left Plymouth, England on the Mayflower on this day in 1620 and arrived in the new world November 21, 1620. Wrinkled Raincoat Day - One way to get wrinkles out of a raincoat is to put it in the dryer with a couple of wet bath towels. Check it every few minutes so it doesn't overheat. Trail of Tears Commemoration Day http://www.nationaltota.org Trail of Tears Association Mexican Independence Day - The Mexican War of Independence against the Spanish started on this day in 1810 and ended September 27, 1821.

Wednesday, September 17
Day 260 105 Days Remaining Constitution Day – This was established 1940 to commemorate the anniversary of the ratification of the Constitution in 1787. In 1952 it was officially changed from Citizenship Day to Constitution Day but continues to be known by both names. M*A*S*H Premier Day – M*A*S*H premiered on this day in 1972 and ended on February 28, 1983. National Apple Dumpling Day National School Backpack Awareness Day (third Wednesday) – It’s important to know how carrying a heavy backpack can affect your child’s health. http://www.promoteot.org/AI_BackpackAwareness.html American Occupational Therapy Association.

Thursday, September 18
Day 261 104 Days Remaining International Eat an Apple Day

281

http://www.usapple.org U.S. Apple Association Long Playing Record Day - RCA Victor introduced a phonograph record in 1931 that could hold fifteen minutes of music per side. U.S. Air Force Birthday - The Air Force was established as a separate branch of the military on this day in 1947. www.airforce.com New York Times Birthday - The New York Times was founded on this day in 1851. http://www.nytco.com/company/

Friday, September 19
Day 262 103 Days Remaining POW/MIA Recognition Day (third Friday) www.vfw.org Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States National Butterscotch Pudding Day Women's E-Commerce Awareness Day - This day is to raise awareness among women of the potential of e-commerce businesses for women. International Talk Like a Pirate Day http://www.talklikeapirate.com

Saturday, September 20
Day 263 102 Days Remaining Leil Selichot – A minor Jewish holiday: Prayers for forgiveness in preparation for the High Holidays. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2013-2014

282

Thank You Day (also celebrated on August 12) - It's always a good day to thank people for the things they do. National Punch Day National Student Day National Farm Safety Day California Coastal Cleanup Day (third Saturday) - This was started in 1985. http://www.coastal.ca.gov/publiced/ccd/ccd.html California Coastal Commission Idaho Spud Day (third Saturday) National Neighborhood Day (third Saturday) - This was created in 2004 to help build relationships within neighborhoods that will lead to stronger communities. http://neighborhoodday.org

Sunday, September 21
Day 264 101 Days Remaining Pause the World Day - Wouldn't it be great if all the noise and hustle and bustle could stop for a day and we could just sit and think or have long conversations with friends and loved ones. World Gratitude Day - This was created by the United Nations to remind us to express appreciation for things people and groups do in making the world a better place. International Day of Peace - This was designated by the United Nations in 1995 and is also known as World Peace Day. http://www.internationaldayofpeace.org http://www.un.org/en/events/peaceday/ Miniature Golf Day (also celebrated the second Saturday in May) National Women's Friendship Day (third Sunday) - This was created in 1999 by the Kappa Delta Sorority. “Men come and go, but girlfriends are forever...and they're really handy at mocking the men who go.” http://www.kappadelta.org http://www.kappadelta.org/nwfmguest

283

Monday, September 22
Day 265 100 Days Remaining Last Day of Summer – Today would seem to be the perfect day for a celebration of the outdoors. Plan a picnic or barbeque, along with some fun activities for family and friends. Enjoy the Last Day of Summer! National White Chocolate Day National Respect for Centenarians Day - More and more people are living to be 100 or more. Hopefully someone is taking the time to find out more about the lifestyle choices and family history of those who managed to live such a long life. Band-Aid Birthday - The band-aid was invented by Earle Dickson in 1921. American Business Women's Day - This is the anniversary of the founding of the American Business Women's Association. www.abwa.org Elephant Appreciation Day™ - This was created by Wayne Hepburn in 1996. http://www.himandus.net/elefunteria/eday/eday_main.html U.S. Post Office Anniversary - On this day in 1789 the Act was adopted that established a post office and Postmaster Genera. For info about the post office see the Smithsonian National Postal Museum, the site has info about the history of the Post Office as well as games and puzzles for all ages. www.usps.com http://www.postalmuseum.si.edu Family Day – A Day to Eat Dinner With Your Children™ (fourth Monday) - This was started in 2001 by The National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse. http://www.casacolumbia.org/templates/Home.aspx?articleid=287&zoneid=32

284

Tuesday, September 23
Day 266 99 Days Remaining Autumn Equinox - The Sun will shine directly on the equator and there will be nearly equal amounts of day and night throughout the world. This is also the first day of fall (autumnal equinox) in the northern hemisphere and the first day of spring (vernal equinox) in the southern hemisphere. First Day of Fall – In case you are not familiar with astronomical terms such as the one cited directly above, today is the first day of the Autumn or Fall season in the northern hemisphere (United States). CASA Family Day – Started in 2001 by the National Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University. “A national initiative to remind parents that YOU have the power to keep your kids substance free!” http://casafamilyday.org/familyday/ Dear Diary Day – It is suggested that everyone keep a journal or diary of some kind. It may sound too simple to be true, but writing things down is a good way to help you come to a decision as well as relieve stress. Neptune Birthday - On this day in 1846, astronomer Johann Gottfried Golle discovered the planet Neptune. Checkers Day - This doesn't have anything to do with playing checkers, although you can celebrate it that way if you want. This is the day a speech was given by then vicepresidential candidate Richard M. Nixon. There had been speculation about the misuse of campaign funds. During the speech Nixon denied misusing the funds. He also talked about a new puppy his daughter had that they named “Checkers.” Evidently the public decided that a dog-lover must be honest.

Wednesday, September 24
Day 267 98 Days Remaining

285

New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 1:13AM CST, 06:13 UTC.

National Punctuation Day® - This was created by Jeff Rubin in 2004 to emphasize the importance of proper punctuation. http://www.nationalpunctuationday.com Transatlantic Telephone Anniversary - The first transatlantic telephone cable was finished on this day in 1956. Gallbladder Good Health Day http://www.womentowomen.com/digestionandgihealth/gallbladderhealth.aspx National Women’s Health & Fitness Day (last Wednesday) http://www.fitnessday.com

Thursday, September 25
Day 268 97 Days Remaining

286

Rosh Hashana – The Jewish New Year (Hebrew Year 5775). Rosh Hashana begins at sundown today and continues until sundown tomorrow, September 26. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 National One-Hit Wonder Day Uno Birthday - Uno was invented in 1971. Newspaper Day - The first U.S. newspaper published was in Boston, Massachusetts in 1690. It was shut down immediately by the British and the publisher arrested. RAINN Day (fourth Thursday) - This is an annual campaign to raise awareness of sexual violence on college campuses, sponsored by RAINN (Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network). http://www.rainn.org/rainnday

Friday, September 26
Day 269 96 Days Remaining Johnny Appleseed Day - Johnny Appleseed, whose real name was John Chapman, was born on this day in 1774. National Food Service Employees Day - Think how different our lives would be if we had to cook every meal we eat. Thank a food service employee. International Tool Day - This celebrates those individuals who make their living using tools or who spend their spare time making things with tools. United States Postal Service Day - The first postmaster general to serve under the constitution was Samuel Osgood, appointed on this day in 1789. http://www.postalmuseum.si.edu National Mesothelioma Awareness Day www.curemeso.org Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation Native American Day (fourth Friday) - This was created in 1968 by President Ronald Reagan. http://www.nativeamericanday.com

287

Saturday, September 27
Day 270 95 Days Remaining Shabbat Shuva – A special Jewish Shabbat (Sabbath) that falls between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur (Shabbat of Returning). http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 Crush a Can Day - Crushing aluminum cans can be a good way to work off stress--and they take up much less room in your recycle bin. Ancestor Appreciation Day - As your learn more about your ancestors you are sure to find a great appreciation of the trials and tribulations many of them went through. A great place to start a search for your ancestors is Cyndi's List. www.cyndislist.com Fun and Fancy Free Day - On this day in 1947, Disney released a feature film titled Fun and Fancy Free. National Public Lands Day (last Saturday) - National Public Lands Day is a time for us to volunteer to clean up and improve the public lands that we all enjoy. http://www.publiclandsday.org National Hunting and Fishing Day® (fourth Saturday) - This was designated by President Richard Nixon in 1972. I am guessing this day was selected because it is still warm enough to fish in most places and some hunting seasons are already open. http://www.nhfday.org Rabbit Day (fourth Saturday) - This day encourages keeping rabbits as pets and protecting rabbits in the wild. It also discourages the use of rabbit fur and rabbits as food. Family Health and Fitness Day (last Saturday) http://www.fitnessday.com http://www.aafp.org/online/en/home.html

288

Sunday, September 28
Day 271 94 Days Remaining Gold Star Mothers Day (last Sunday) - This day is to honor mothers who have lost a son or daughter who was serving in the United States Armed Forces. www.goldstarmoms.com American Gold Star Mothers, Inc. www.army.mil/goldstarmothers/ www.goldstarmothersday.com Tzom Gedaliah (date varies) – A minor Jewish fast: Fast of the Seventh Month, commemorates the assassination of the Jewish governor of Judah. Begins at sundown. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 Read a Child a Book You Like Day - If you don't have any books left from your childhood you will likely find some of your old favorites at your local library. National Good Neighbor Day - This was started by Becky Mattson from Montana to recognize the importance of good neighbors. It was celebrated on the fourth Sunday of September until the U.S. Senate passed a resolution in 2003 that it be September 28. National Strawberry Cream Pie Day Birthday of Confucius - Well-known Chinese philosopher, Confucius, was born on this day in 551 BC. World Rabies Day http://www.worldrabiesday.org World Heart Day (last Sunday) - This was created in 1999 by the World Heart Federation. www.world-heart-federation.org

Monday, September 29
289

Day 272

93 Days Remaining

VFW Day - The Veterans of Foreign Wars was established on this day in 1899. www.vfw.org National Coffee Day Broadway Musicals Day Saint Gabriel Feast Day - This was originally set as March 24 in 1921 when it was first included in the General Roman Calendar. In 1969 the date was changed to September 29. Saint Gabriel is the patron saint of messengers - including postal, telephone, and telecommunications workers.

Tuesday, September 30
Day 273 92 Days Remaining National Hot Mulled Cider Day World Series TV Premier - The World Series was televised for the first time on this day in 1947. The New York Yankees beat the Brooklyn Dodgers. Goodbye Howdy Doody Day - The last episode of Howdy Doody was on this day in 1960. Clarabell the clown had never spoken a word during the show until that day when he said “Goodbye, kids.” Ask a Stupid Question Day (last school day of September) - Generally this is celebrated by students trying to think of silly questions to ask in class.

Week-Long Events in

SEPTEMBER

290

International Enthusiasm Week (1 - 7) Find something today you can be enthusiastic about and pass on that enthusiasm to others. Childhood Injury Prevention week (first full week) http://www.safekids.org Safe Kids USA®. Waffle Week (first full week) National Suicide Prevention Week (week that includes the 10th) www.suicidology.org The American Association of Suicidology International Housekeepers Week (second full week) www.ieha.org International Executive Housekeepers Association National Invisible Chronic Illness Awareness Week (second full week) http://invisibleillnessweek.com National Assisted Living Week® (second full week) This was created by the National Center for Assisted Living in 1995. www.ahcacal.org/ncal/ National No Bully Week (second full school week) Make your school has a firm and comprehensive no bullying policy. Substitute Teacher Appreciations Week (second full school week) Wilderness Week (third week) This is a week for wilderness advocates to meet with members of Congress to discuss protecting remaining wilderness areas. TV Turn-off Week (third week) This is also celebrated in April. Now that the weather has warmed up, it is a good time to explore outside activities. www.tvturnoff.org Center for Screen-Time Awareness National Farm Safety and Health Week (third full week) www.necasag.org National Education Center for Agricultural Safety Build a Better Image Week (third full week) People form an opinion of you by how they see you dress, act, talk, walk, etc. You can build a better image of yourself, and improve the way you are perceived. Constitution Week (third full week) www.constitutionweekusa.com

291

Farm Animals Week (third full week) This is sponsored by the Humane Society of the United States. www.humanesociety.org National Farm and Ranch Safety Week (third full week) www.necasag.org National Education Center for Agricultural Safety National Rehabilitation Awareness week (third full week) www.nraf-rehabnet.org National Rehabilitation Awareness Foundation National Unmarried and Single Americans Week (third full week) http://www.celebratelove.com/singlesweek.htm Prostate Cancer Awareness Week (third full week) www.pcaawareness.net www.pcf.org Prostate Cancer Foundation Balance Awareness Week (third full week) If you have never suffered from vertigo, dizziness or other balance issues you are probably not aware of the difficulties it can cause. This was created in 1997 by the Vestibular Disorders Association. www.vestibular.org Restless Leg Syndrome Education and Awareness Week (third full week) www.rls.org Restless Legs Syndrome Foundation National Dog Week (third full week) National Flower Week (third full week) http://landscaping.about.com/cs/landscapecolor/a/fall_flowers.htm Angel Week (24 - 28) Deaf Awareness Week (last full week) www.nad.org National Association of the Deaf National Chimney Safety Week (week starting the last Sunday) www.csia.org Chimney Safety Institute of America Adult Immunization Awareness Week (week starting the last Sunday) www.nfid.org National Foundation for Infectious Diseases

Month-Long Events in

SEPTEMBER
292

National Service Dog Month www.naturalbalanceinc.com/national-service-dog-month.aspx Hunger Action Month http://hungeractionmonth.org http://feedingamerica.org Fall Hat Month http://www.gone-ta-pott.com/national_fall_hat_month.html Square Dance Month http://www.dosado.com Ballroom Dancing Month www.BallroomDancers.com Classical Music Month www.classical.net Piano Month http://pianonet.com The National Piano Foundation Pleasure Your Mate Month http://marriage.families.com/blog/pleasure-your-mate-month-come-to-your-senses Reunion Planning Month Children's Good Manners Month http://members.cox.net/dr.manners/ The Good Manners Club™ Courtesy Month www.notsocommoncourtesy.com Not So Common Courtesy™ Library Card Sign-up Month www.ilovelibraries.org™ Literacy Month www.nifl.gov National Institute for Literacy Little League® Month

293

www.littleleague.org Little League® Online National Yoga Awareness Month - See YogaMonth.org. School Success Month Youth Activities Month - There is a fine balance between a child being so busy they don't have time to be a kid and a child having so much idle time they get into trouble. http://www.essortment.com/many-extracurricular-activities-many-65239.html Metaphysical Awareness Month Subliminal Communication Month http://www.skepdic.com/subliminal.html Self-Awareness Month http://stress.about.com/b/2009/09/01/september-is-self-awareness-month.htm Stress Management Blog Self-Improvement Month - There are many great websites offering self-improvement. Save the Tiger Month http://www.panthera.org/programs/tiger/save-tiger-fund Be Kind to Editors and Writers Month http://www.associatedcontent.com/article/369074/september_is_be_kind_to_editors_and. html?cat=4 College Savings Month - designated by Congress in 2003. www.collegesavings.org College Savings Plans Network Coupon Month www.SavingAdvice.com Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15 - October 15) http://www.somosprimos.com/heritage.htm Sea Cadet Month – This was designated in 1997 by the Navy League of the U.S. The Naval Sea Cadet Corps is a great program for young people between eleven and seventeen years old. Better Breakfast Month www.BetterBreakfast.org Biscuit Month

294

National Chicken Month www.nationalchickenmonth.com Five-a-Day Month http://www.fruitsandveggiesmatter.gov/ Fruit and Veggies - More Matters™ Month www.FoodSafety.gov http://www.fruitsandveggiesmatter.gov/

Honey Month www.honey.com National Honey Board Mushroom Month - See http://mushroominfo.com Fresh Mushrooms - Nature's Hidden Treasure Organic Harvest Month™ www.ota.com/news/ohmcalendar.html Organic Trade Association Potato Month Rice Month - This was designated by Congress in 1991. www.usarice.com USA Rice Federation Whole Grains Month www.wholegrainscouncil.org Baby Safety Month - This was designated in 1991 by the Juvenile Products Manufacturers Association. http://www.jpma.org/bsm/2010/index.php?section=about&content=about_bsm Sports and Home Eye Safety Month http://www.preventblindness.org/safety Menopause Awareness Month www.menopause.org North American Menopause Society Gum Care Month http://www.webmd.com/oral-health/teeth-and-gum-care ADHD Awareness Month www.adhdAwareness.com National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month www.recoverymonth.gov

295

National Atrial Fibrillation Awareness Month www.StopAfib.org Childhood Cancer Month www.CureSearch.org National Cholesterol Education Month http://www.webmd.com/cholesterol-management/ http://hp2010.nhlbihin.net National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute Cold and Flu Campaign Month http://www.webmd.com/cold-and-flu/default.htm Cold and Flu Health Center Emergency Preparedness Month – Create an Emergency Plan and be prepared for different types of emergencies. Food Allergy Awareness Month www.foodallergy.org Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network Food Safety Education Month www.FoodSafety.gov Gynecologic Cancer Awareness Month www.thegcf.org Gynecologic Cancer Foundation National Head Lice Prevention Month www.HeadLice.org Healthy Aging Month www.healthyaging.net Healthy Aging® National Infant Mortality Awareness Month www.nationalhealthystart.org National Healthy Start Association Leukemia and Lymphoma Awareness Month www.lls.org Leukemia and Lymphoma Society® Osteopathic Medicine Month http://www.aacom.org/about/osteomed/pages/default.aspx Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month www.ovarian.org National Ovarian Cancer Coalition Pain Awareness Month www.PainAwareness.org

296

www.painfoundation.org American Pain Foundation National Pediculosis Prevention Month www.HeadLice.org Prostate Cancer Awareness Month http://zerocancer.org Zero – The Project to End Prostate Cancer http://www.pcaawareness.net Prostate Cancer Awareness www.pcf.org Prostate Cancer Foundation Reye's Syndrome Awareness Month www.reyessyndrome.org National Reye's Syndrome Foundation National Sickle Cell Month http://www.sicklecelldisease.org Break the Sickle Cycle Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month www.spinalcord.org National Spinal Cord Injury Association Stop the Violence and Save Our Kids Month – http://www.topix.com/album/detail/bronx-ny/UNOG70U57GV989OI Stop the Violence Save Our Children

297

~ October 2014 ~
Sun Mon Tue 1 Wed 2 Thu 3 Fri 4 Sat

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13 Columbus Day 14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31 Halloween

Notes:

298

Flower - Calendula (signifies cheerfulness and friendship) Alternate Flowers - Marigold, Cosmos Birthstone - Opal (signifies hope and innocence) Alternate Birthstone - Pink Tourmaline October Name Origin - October is Latin for eighth (it was originally the eighth month)

Wednesday, October 1
Day 274 91 Days Remaining Send a Smile Day - Send a happy e-card, postal mail card or text message to someone who needs it. National Homemade Cookie Day – See these cookie recipes: http://allrecipes.com//Recipes/desserts/cookies/ Less Than Perfect Day Compact Disc Birthday - The first music CD was released on this day in 1982. It was Billy Joel's 52nd Street. International Day of Older Persons - This was designated by the United Nations General Assembly in 1990. Model T Birthday - The Ford Model T was introduced on this day in 1908. Postcard Birthday - The first postcards were issued on this day in 1869 in Vienna, Austria. Special Delivery Birthday - The post office began special delivery mail service in the United States in 1885. World Vegetarian Day - The North American Vegetarian Society was established on this day in 1977. www.navs-online.org

299

Walt Disney World Day - Walt Disney World opened on this day in 1971 in Orlando, Florida. World Series Birthday - The first Major League baseball World Series started on this day in 1903. The Boston Americans beat the Pittsburgh Pirates. Yosemite National Park Anniversary - Yosemite National Park was established in 1890 with the help of naturalist John Muir. Birthday of President Jimmy Carter (born in 1924) - He was the thirty-ninth president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ International Walk to School Day (first Wednesday) - This started in 2000. www.walktoschool.org

Thursday, October 2
Day 275 Guardian Angel Day Name Your Car Day – Naming your car or vehicle is one way to personalize it without it costing you a cent. www.namely-yours.com/on-cars.php National Custodial Worker Day – Custodial workers often do the job nobody else wants. If you like your surroundings, thank a custodial worker. Twilight Zone Birthday – The television show Twilight Zone debuted on this day in 1959. National Depression Screening Day® (first Thursday) www.mentalhealthscreening.org Screening for Mental Health® 90 Days Remaining

300

Friday, October 3
Day 276 89 Days Remaining Look at the Leaves Day – Depending on where you live, the leaves on most of the hardwood trees have changed color. Techies Day – If you are an electronics aficionado, today is your day. Captain Kangaroo Anniversary – The children’s television show Captain Kangaroo debuted on this day in 1955. Family TV Show Day – A few decades ago, the first hour of television programming in the evening (after the news and game shows) was called the “family hour.” Even though we have many programming choices available to us to today, finding a values-based program that the whole family can watch together can provide an opportunity for the family to talk, discuss, share and bond. Mickey Mouse Club Birthday – A children’s television show, the Mickey Mouse Club, debuted on this day in 1955. Lee National Denim Day (first Friday) - This is a huge fundraiser for breast cancer research, sponsored by Lee, a manufacturer of denim clothing. www.denimday.com World Smile Day® (first Friday) - On this day do what you can to make people smile, starting with yourself. In 1963 commercial artist Harvey Ball created the now familiar yellow and black smiley face symbol. In 1999 Harvey created World Smile Day® because he felt the commercialization of the symbol had detracted from his original intention of it standing for kindness and happiness. Diversity Day (first Friday) - Today is the day to recognize and appreciate our differences and what we can accomplish because of them.

301

Saturday, October 4
Day 277 88 Days Remaining Yom Kippur – A major Jewish holiday, Yom Kippur (Day of Atonement), begins at sundown. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 Astronomy Day (Part 2) – Astronomy Day is an annual event intended to provide a means of interaction between the general public and various astronomy enthusiasts, groups and professionals. The theme of Astronomy Day is “Bringing Astronomy to the People,” and on this day astronomy and stargazing clubs and other organizations around the world will plan special events. You can find out about special local events by contacting your local astronomy club or planetarium. You can also find more about Astronomy Day by visiting the website below. http://www.astroleague.org/al/astroday/astroday.html The Astronomical League Taco Day (also celebrated on June 12) World Animal Day - This is a day to recognize and appreciate the plethora of animals that we share our world with. www.worldanimalday.org.uk Snoopy's Birthday – Cartoonist Charles Shultz introduced a dog named “Snoopy” in his Peanuts comic strip on this day in 1950. Snoopy was more human that canine. We (the readers) could read what he was thinking (text in a thought cloud). Snoopy fantasized about being a WWI ace fighter pilot, shooting it out in the skies with the Red Baron. He struggled as a writer, typing draft after draft on a manual typewriter while sitting on top of his doghouse (which is where he also slept, by the way). He philosophized about the great (and not so great) mysteries of life. Over time, Snoopy became more popular than his fictional master, Charlie Brown. National Golf Day Anniversary - This is sponsored by the PGA as a charitable fund raising event. The date for the event varies by year but the first National Golf Day was held on this day in 1952. www.golf.com Toot Your Flute Day – Another way of saying “blow your own horn.” Don’t think that it’s being proud or arrogant to promote yourself. Especially if you have a business. Toot, blow, beat, shout – do whatever it takes to be noticed.

302

Ten-Four Day – In radio operator code, “ten-four” signifies an affirmative response or acknowledgement. Since today is the fourth day of the tenth month (10/4), it is a good day for affirmative action or acknowledgement. Birthday of President Rutherford B. Hayes (born in 1822) - He was the nineteenth president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ International Frugal Fun Day (first Saturday) – Being frugal can be fun. www.frugalfun.com

Sunday, October 5
Day 278 87 Days Remaining Do Something Nice Day – Celebrate this day by doing something nice for someone. Long Walk Day - On June 20, 1970 David Kunst set off to be the first person to walk around the world. Twenty-one pairs of shoes and over four years later he finished his walk on this day in 1974. National Storytelling Day – Everyone loves a good story. Start telling a story, and watch as people stop to listen. National Be Nice to Lawyers Day - Lawyers are the butt of many jokes. Today is a day to be nice to lawyers for a change. World Teacher's Day - This was created in 1994. If you can read this, thank a teacher! World Series Radio Broadcast Anniversary - The World Series was broadcast on radio for the first time in 1921. The New York Giants beat the New York Yankees five games to three. Birthday of President Chester A. Arthur (born in 1829) - He was the twenty-first president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ Intergeneration Day (first Sunday) – Also known as Bridge the Generation Gap Day. http://www.intergenerationday.org

303

Monday, October 6
Day 279 86 Days Remaining Mad Hatter Day – English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson (pseudonym Lewis Carroll) wrote a novel in 1865 entitled Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. One of his characters is the Mad Hatter. A slip of paper sticking out of the band of his hat says “10/6.” So today is a day to be silly like the Mad Hatter. Garlic Lovers Day http://www.garlic-central.com/garlic-cooking.html Talking Motion Picture Birthday - The first motion picture to use spoken dialog was The Jazz Singer, which premiered on this day in 1927. It was created by Warner Brothers using a wax record for the sound and synchronizing the record with the film. Physician Assistant Day German-American Heritage Day - On this day in 1683 thirteen German families arrived in Philadelphia and eventually founded Germantown, Pennsylvania. This recognition day was designated in 1983 by President Ronald Reagan. National Child Health Day (first Monday) http://www.mchb.hrsa.gov Maternal and Child Health Bureau World Habitat Day (first Monday) - This was designated by the United Nations.

Tuesday, October 7
Day 280 85 Days Remaining Uranus Night – The blue-green planet will be at its closest approach to Earth and its face will be fully illuminated by the Sun. This is the best time to view Uranus. Due to its distance, it will only appear as a tiny blue-green dot in all but the most powerful telescopes.

304

Frappe Day National Flower Day - On this day in 1986, President Ronald Reagan signed the bill that made the rose our national flower. Bathtub Day G-Rated Birthday - It was in 1968 that the Motion Picture Association of America's film-rating system was developed. The G rating (general audiences, all ages admitted) is the only rating that has not changed.

Wednesday, October 8
Day 281 84 Days Remaining Hunter’s Moon or Harvest Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in October is called the “Hunter’s Moon” or “Harvest Moon.” This is probably because hunters can see their prey more easily with the light of the moon. Farmers trying to get their harvest in may take advantage of the light of the full moon to work into the night. The full moon will occur at 10:51 UTC. Total Lunar Eclipse – A total lunar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes completely through the Earth's dark shadow, or umbra. During this type of eclipse, the Moon will gradually get darker and then take on a rusty or blood red color. The eclipse will be visible throughout most of North America, South America, eastern Asia, and Australia. http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/LEplot/LEplot2001/LE2014Oct08T.pdf Draconids Meteor Shower – The Draconids is a minor meteor shower producing only about 10 meteors per hour. It is produced by dust grains left behind by comet 21P Giacobini-Zinner, which was first discovered in 1900. The shower runs annually from October 6-10 and peaks this year on the the night of the 8th and morning of the 9th. Unfortunately the glare from the full moon this year will block out all but the brightest meteors. If you are extremely patient, you may be able to catch a few good ones. Best

305

viewing will be just after midnight from a dark location far away from city lights. Meteors will radiate from the constellation Draco, but can appear anywhere in the sky. American Touch Tag Day – Often called “Tag You’re It,” this is one of the oldest and most popular children's games worldwide. One of the reasons why is because the rules are so simple: If the person who is “it” touches you, you become “it.” Children's Day - This was designated by President Bill Clinton in 2000. Back to Basics Day http://backtobasicliving.com/blog/ Lovable Lawyers Day – There is always someone who loves the lawyer. If a lawyer wins his court case, his client loves him. If he loses, then the opposing plantiff loves him. Take Your Teddy Bear to Work and School Day (second Wednesday) SAVE Today (second Wednesday) - SAVE stands for Stop America's Violence Everywhere. This day was created in 1995 by the American Medical Association Alliance. www.amaalliance.org Emergency Nurses Day (second Wednesday) www.ena.org Emergency Nurses Association

Thursday, October 9
Day 282 83 Days Remaining Sukkot (Feast of Tabernacles) – A major Jewish holiday, begins at sundown tonight and continues for seven days (eight in the diaspora). http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 National Sneakers Day – Sneakers are called such because they have soft rubber soles that make little or no noise, making it possible for the wearer to “sneek” by. Curious Events Day Two-way Telephone Conversation Anniversary - The first two-way long-distance telephone conversation took place on this day in 1876 between Boston and Cambridge.

306

The significance of this event is the fact that both parties could talk and be heard simultaneously. Prior to this, the line had to be switched between talk and listen mode. Fire Prevention Day www.FireSafety.gov http://complianceandsafety.com/safety-tips/fire-safety-tips Leif Erikson Day - This was designated by Congress in 1963. It is a day set aside to honor Leif Erikson and his fellow Norwegian explorers who were the first Europeans to arrive in North America.

Friday, October 10
Day 283 82 Days Remaining National Metric Day – Celebrated by geeks and math teachers (is there a difference?) because today is the tenth day of the tenth month. The metric system of measurement is based on the unit ten. The United States is one of only three countries that have yet to adopt the Metric System as their official system of weights and measures. Burma (Myanmar) and Liberia are the other two countries. Our monetary system is metric (100 cents in a dollar), and soda comes in two liter bottles, but that’s about it. The Metric Conversion Act of 1975 only provides government assistance for the voluntary conversion to the metric system. www.nctm.org National Council of Teachers of Mathematics www.ansi.org American National Standards Institute National Angel Food Cake Day Tuxedo Day – The tuxedo was introduced to American Society by New York millionaire James Brown Potter. Potter brought the new style of dinner jacket home from London, and wore it to a ball at the Tuxedo Club in New York in 1886. The other gentlemen attending saw the new attire and adopted it as their informal dining uniform. www.thetuxedoclub.org World Mental Health Day - Designated by The World Federation for Mental Health to promote mental health awareness and education. www.wfmh.org World Federation for Mental Health U.S. Naval Academy Anniversary – The United States Naval Academy was established on this day in 1845. www.usna.edu United States Naval Academy 307

World Egg Day (second Friday) - This was designated by the International Egg Commission. www.internationalegg.com International Egg Commission

Saturday, October 11
Day 284 81 Days Remaining It's My Party Day - Any day is a good day for a party. “You Go, Girl” Day - This is a day to recognize and acknowledge the accomplishments of females. Sausage Pizza Day – Usually this is Italian sausage.

Sunday, October 12
Day 285 80 Days Remaining Destiny Day – “It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.” Tony Robbins World Arthritis Day – (part of National Action Week) 14th Annual Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week dedicating specific days to major conditions affecting the musculoskeletal system, with activities planned in countries around the world aimed at highlighting the severe impact of these disorders on millions of children, adults and elderly people worldwide. Today is dedicated to focusing on arthritis. For more information please visit: http://www.usbjd.org/projects/NAW_op.cfm?CFID=289606&CFTOKEN=71775577 National Gumbo Day Old Farmers Day

308

U.S. Navy Memorial Anniversary - The U.S. Navy Memorial was dedicated on this day in 1991 in Washington D.C. www.navymemorial.org Freethought Day - This is observed by freethinkers, humanists and others on the anniversary of the end of the Salem witch trials. See Freethought Day http://freethoughtday.org www.freethoughtdayatdisney.org http://ffrf.org Freedom From Religion Foundation www.huumanists.org/events/freethought-day HUUmanists www.facebook.com/FreethoughtDay National Clergy Appreciation Day (second Sunday) – Also known as National Pastor Appreciation Day. www.my-pastor.com/what-day-is-pastor-appreciation-day.html

Monday, October 13
Day 286 79 Days Remaining Columbus Day (observed second Monday) - Christopher Columbus arrived in America on October 12, 1492. www.eyewitnesstohistory.com/columbus.htm Canadian Thanksgiving Day (second Monday) - This was designated by the Canadian Parliament in 1957. Skeptics Day – This is also observed on January 13th and on the first Friday the 13th of the year (June 13, 2014). U. S. Navy Birthday - The Continental Congress established the Continental Navy on this day in 1775. Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day http://mbcn.org Metastatic Breast Cancer Network

309

Tuesday, October 14
Day 287 National Dessert Day Bald is Beautiful Day (also celebrated on September 13) Winnie-the-Pooh Anniversary – The first Winnie-the-Pooh book was published on this day in 1926. National FRUMP Day – This day honors all FRUMPs, that is Frugal, Responsible, Unpretentious, Mature Persons. national lower case day – It is much easier to read an email or text message that has correct capitalization. For those who do not want to take the time to do that at least type in all lower case and not IN ALL UPPER CASE (that is considered SHOUTING!). Occupational Therapy Day – As designated by President George Bush in 1992. www.aota.org The American Occupational Therapy Association Birthday of President Dwight D. Eisenhower – Dwight David “Ike” Eisenhower (October 14, 1890 – March 28, 1969) was the thirty-fourth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents www.dwightdeisenhower.com 78 Days Remaining

Wednesday, October 15
Day 288 National Mushroom Day http://mushroominfo.com National Poetry Day – This is the birthday of the Roman poet Virgil. www.poets.org/page.php/prmID/41 The Academy of American Poets 77 Days Remaining

310

National Grouch Day – According to Sesame Street Magazine. http://muppet.wikia.com/wiki/National_Grouch_Day Sewing Lovers Day Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day – This was designated by House of Representatives Resolution 222 in 2006. www.compassionatefriends.org The Compassionate Friends White Cane Safety Day - This was created in 1964 to celebrate the independence given to visually impaired people by a white cane. https://nfb.org/white-cane-safety-day NFB (National Federation of the Blind)

Thursday, October 16
Day 289 76 Days Remaining Shmini Atzeret – A major Jewish holiday, Shmini Atzeret (Eighth Day of Assembly), begins at sundown tonight. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 World Spine Day – (part of National Action Week) 14th Annual Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week dedicating specific days to major conditions affecting the musculoskeletal system, with activities planned in countries around the world aimed at highlighting the severe impact of these disorders on millions of children, adults and elderly people worldwide. Today is dedicated to focusing on spine health and treatment. For more information please visit: http://www.usbjd.org/projects/NAW_op.cfm?CFID=289606&CFTOKEN=71775577

Dictionary Day – Birthday of Noah Webster (October 16, 1758 – May 28, 1843), who created the first American dictionary. www.noahwebsterhouse.org Learn a Word Day - This is a another day created in honor of Noah Webster's birthday. Webster, who created the first American dictionary, was born on this day in 1758. http://www.notablebiographies.com/Tu-We/Webster-Noah.html National Boss Day - A card or verbal thanks to your boss is probably more appropriate than a gift for this day. If there are several people employed where you work it would be

311

better to get together and decide what to do rather than let it become a competition to see who gives the best gift. National Feral Cat Day www.nationalcatday.com World Food Day www.worldfooddayusa.org The U.S. Committee for World Food Day Get Smart About Credit Day (third Thursday) – Too many people do not understand the true cost of using credit. Credit should be seen as a financial management tool, not as available spending money. Look at the total cost of a purchase using credit: principle plus interest payments. Use credit to leverage your money for growth through equity acquisition.

Friday, October 17
Day 290 75 Days Remaining Simchat Torah – A major Jewish holiday, Simchat Torah (Day of Celebrating the Torah) begins at sundown tonight. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 Wear Something Gaudy Day – Now you have an excuse. Black Poetry Day - This day celebrates Jupiter Hammon, the first published AfricanAmerican poet. Check your public library for the works of Langston Hughes, Maya Angelou, Margaret Walker, Paul Laurence Dunbar, or your favorite black poet. International Day for the Eradication of Poverty - This was started in 1987 in Paris to remember victims of extreme poverty. In 1992 the United Nations General Assembly designated this as a day for governments and others to work together on the issue of poverty. World Trauma Day – (part of National Action Week) 14th Annual Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week dedicating specific days to major conditions affecting the musculoskeletal system, with activities planned in countries around the world aimed at highlighting the severe impact of these disorders on millions of children, adults and elderly people worldwide. Today is dedicated to focusing on trauma. For more information please visit: http://www.usbjd.org/projects/NAW_op.cfm?CFID=289606&CFTOKEN=71775577

312

National Mammography Day (third Friday) www.nbcam.org National Breast Cancer Awareness Month www.cancer.org American Cancer Society

Saturday, October 18
Day 291 74 Days Remaining National Chocolate Cupcake Day Watch a Squirrel Day – It can be fun to watch how diligent and industrious squirrels are. These qualities make the squirrel a good choice for an office project mascot. Squirrels are also a symbol of frugality, storing up nuts for the winter. Use this characteristic for an employee profit-sharing or retirement plan, or any program that involves preparing for the future. National Concern About Young People and Violence Day - Any solution concerning young people and violence has to involve parents and teachers as well as legal authorities. No Beard Day – It can take months to grow a beard, but it can be shaved off in a minute or two. World Menopause Day www.menopause.org North American Menopause Society www.healthline.com/health/menopause Menopause Info and Resources Women in Military Service Memorial - The Women in Military Service for America Memorial was dedicated in 1997. www.womensmemorial.org

Sunday, October 19
Day 292 73 Days Remaining

313

World Pediatric Bone and Joint (PB&J) Day – (part of National Action Week) 14th Annual Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week dedicating specific days to major conditions affecting the musculoskeletal system, with activities planned in countries around the world aimed at highlighting the severe impact of these disorders on millions of children, adults and elderly people worldwide. Today is dedicated to focusing on pediatric bones and joints. For more information please visit: http://www.usbjd.org/projects/NAW_op.cfm?CFID=289606&CFTOKEN=71775577 Change Your Life Day - Many of us think about things we could do to change our lives. Today is the day to stop thinking and start doing. Star-Spangled Banner Debut - The Star-Spangled Banner was first sung in public on this day in 1814. Sweetest Day (third Sunday) - The first Sweetest Day was in 1921 when candy makers in Cleveland, Ohio gave boxes of candy to the poor and needy. Several other candy makers in different places at different times have done the same thing. Some people today celebrate this as a day for women to give candy to their husbands or boyfriends. Others see it as a day to be extra nice today to those less fortunate than themselves. Sunday School Teacher Appreciation Day (third Sunday) – Your Sunday School teacher works every Sunday morning without pay to give you a better understanding of the Bible.

Monday, October 20
Day 293 72 Days Remaining World Osteoporosis Day – (part of National Action Week) 14th Annual Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week dedicating specific days to major conditions affecting the musculoskeletal system, with activities planned in countries around the world aimed at highlighting the severe impact of these disorders on millions of children, adults and elderly people worldwide. Today is dedicated to focusing on osteoporosis. For more information please visit: http://www.usbjd.org/projects/NAW_op.cfm?CFID=289606&CFTOKEN=71775577 Shampoo Day Suspenders Day – Celebrate by wearing your suspenders today.

314

International Air Traffic Control Day National Brandied Fruit Day World Osteoporosis Day http://www.iofbonehealth.org International Osteoporosis Foundation International Adjust Your Chair Day (third Monday) - Many people sit in a chair everyday that is not in an ergonomically correct position. This can cause all kinds of problems over the long term, especially if you work at a computer. http://www.healthycomputing.com/office/setup/chair/

Tuesday, October 21
Day 294 71 Days Remaining Orionids Meteor Shower – The Orionids is an average shower producing up to 20 meteors per hour at its peak. It is produced by dust grains left behind by comet Halley, which has been known and observed since ancient times. The shower runs annually from October 2 to November 7. It peaks this year on the night of October 21 and the morning of October 22. This will be an excellent year for the Orionids because there will be no moon to interfere with the show (the New Moon will fully occur on October 23). Best viewing will be from a dark location after midnight. Meteors will radiate from the constellation Orion, but can appear anywhere in the sky. Garbanzo Bean Day - Garbanzo beans are also known as chickpeas. They are also mashed to become hummus. Count Your Buttons Day Reptile Awareness Day http://www.reptilechannel.com/reptile-awareness-day.aspx http://pro.petfinder.com/reptile-awareness-day/

Wednesday, October 22
315

Day 295

70 Days Remaining

Clean Up the Earth Day - Earth Day only comes once a year so this day was created halfway between to remind us that caring for the environment cannot be accomplished in just one day. Eat a Pretzel Day National Nut Day - You can either eat nuts or act nutty…or both. National Knee Day Parachute Birthday - The first practical parachute was invented by Louis-Sebastian Lenormand in 1783. Scientific Literature Day - Scientific journals that require peer review for publication are extremely important. People can and do make all kinds of outlandish claims and it would be difficult for the general public to check everything out. Stuttering Awareness Day www.stutteringhelp.org The Stuttering Foundation® Used Car Dealership Birthday - The first used car dealership was opened on this day in London, England in 1897. Lung Health Day (fourth Wednesday) www.lungusa.org American Lung Association www.aarc.org American Association for Respiratory Care

Thursday, October 23
Day 296 69 Days Remaining Partial Solar Eclipse – A partial solar eclipse occurs when the Moon covers only a part of the Moon, sometimes resembling a bite taken out of a cookie. A partial solar eclipse can only be safely observed with a special solar filter or by looking at the Sun's reflection (not in a mirror). The partial eclipse will be visible throughout most of North and Central America. http://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/SEplot/SEplot2001/SE2014Oct23P. GIF

316

Do-It-Yourself Day – On this day in 1910, Blanche Stuart Scott was the first female to fly solo in an airplane. http://earlyaviators.com/eblanche.htm Soccer Player Day National Mole Day – This day is to promote interest in chemistry. The date comes from Avogadro's Number (6.02 x 10^23), which is a basic measuring unit in chemistry. Organized by the National Mole Day Foundation, Inc., the day is celebrated between 6:02 AM and 6:02 PM, making the date 6:02 10/23, an approximation of Avogadro’s Number. www.moleday.org New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 4:56PM CST, 21:56 UTC.

TV Talk Show Host Day – Birthday of Johnny Carson (October 23, 1925 – January 23, 2005) who hosted The Tonight Show from 1962 - 1992. During that time, it was called “The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson.” In the opening credits, Carson was introduced with an exaggerated “Here’s Johnny!” www.johnnycarson.com

317

Friday, October 24
Day 297 68 Days Remaining Hershey Inc. Day - The Hershey Company was incorporated on this day in 1927. National Bologna Day - This day is very easy and inexpensive to celebrate. Have sandwiches for lunch and dinner and do something fun or productive during the time you would normally spend cooking. 40-Hour Work Week Day - On this day in 1938 the Fair Labor Standards Act went into effect. Transcontinental Telegram Birthday - On this day in 1861 the first transcontinental telegram was sent. United Nations Day - The official start of the United Nations was on this day in 1945 when the charter was ratified.

Saturday, October 25
Day 298 World Pizza Maker's Day World Pasta Day www.ilovepasta.org National Pasta Association National Cartoonists Against Crime Day - This day is in honor of cartoonists who promote crime prevention through their cartoons. Make a Difference Day (fourth Saturday) – This was created by USA Weekend Magazine. This is the day to help your neighbors or help out with local projects in your community 67 Days Remaining

318

Sunday, October 26
Day 299 66 Days Remaining National Pumpkin Day - This is the day to select and carve a pumpkin in preparation for Halloween. Horseless Carriage Day Mule Day - The first mules in America arrived in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1785. They were a gift from King Charles III of Spain. Mother-in-Law Day (fourth Sunday) – This holiday was created in 2002.

Monday, October 27
Day 300 65 Days Remaining Navy Day – Starting in 1922, this day is celebrated on the birthday of President Theodore Roosevelt because he was such a strong supporter of the Navy. Birthday of President Theodore Roosevelt – Theodore “Teddy” Roosevelt (October 27, 1858 – January 6, 1919) was the twenty-sixth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/theodoreroosevelt Boxer Shorts Birthday - Boxer shorts were introduced in 1901. Birthday of Dylan Thomas – Welsh poet Dylan Thomas (October 27, 1914 – November 9, 1953) wrote Do Not Go Gentle into That Good Night.

319

Tuesday, October 28
Day 301 64 Days Remaining Ugly Pickup Truck Day – If you own one, be proud because today is your day! National Chocolate Day Plush Animal Lovers Day – Plush animals are not just for children, a lot of adults collect them as well. Bring Your Jack-O-Lantern to Work Day Bill Gates Day – Microsoft CEO, Bill Gates, was born on this day in 1955. Criminal Fingerprints Day – The first national fingerprint repository was created in 1904 by the International Association of Chiefs of Police. Separation of Church and State Day - On this day in 1963 the Supreme Court ruled that Bible reading (other than private) in public schools was unconstitutional. Lady Liberty’s Birthday – The Statue of Liberty, a gift from France, was dedicated on this day in 1886. Ticker-Tape Parade Birthday - The first ticker-tape parade was on this day in 1886. It was not a planned event but a spontaneous response to the dedication of the statue of liberty. Since ticker-tape machines are no longer used the paper in ticker-tape parades is mostly shredded waste office paper.

Wednesday, October 29
Day 302 National Cat Day www.nationalcatday.com 63 Days Remaining

320

Internet Birthday – The first network transmission of data was on this day in 1969 between the University of California in Los Angeles and the Stanford Research Institute. www.internetsociety.org Hermit Day National Oatmeal Day www.quakeroats.com Stock Market Crash – On October 24, 1929 there was a major dip in stock prices but by afternoon things recovered. Four days later, on the 29th, there was an even larger crash without a recovery. Known as “Black Tuesday,” this marked the beginning of the Great Depression which lasted into the mid-1940’s (World War II).

Thursday, October 30
Day 303 62 Days Remaining Candy Corn Day - Brach's alone sells enough candy corn every year to circle the earth more than four times if the pieces were laid end to end. Devil's Night (Angel’s Night) – In Detroit, Michigan starting in the 1930's this night was a time for acts of petty vandalism like soaping windows, toilet papering yards, etc. But staring in the 70's the vandalism became destructive and included arson. In 1995 the city organized Angel's Night. They have more than 50,000 volunteers patrolling the streets and a youth curfew starting at 6 p.m. This has greatly reduced the problem. www.detroitmi.gov/DepartmentsandAgencies/AngelsNight.aspx Mischief Night - In many places this is a night when you might be expected to have things written on your car windows with soap or toilet paper strewn over your shrubs. It is a lot of fun for pre-teens and teens to be able to do things they ordinarily wouldn't but can easily get out of hand. Bodybuilders Day Create a Great Funeral Day - This was created in 1999 by author, Stephanie West Allen. Whether you are someone who like to have things done your way or whether you just don't want to burden the loved ones you leave with the task, pre-planning your funeral is a good idea. www.nfda.org/planning-a-funeral/preplanning.html

321

Birthday of President John Adams (October 30, 1735 – July 4, 1826) - He was the second president. Ironically, both he and his successor, Thomas Jefferson, died within hours of each other on Independence Day in 1826. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents

Friday, October 31
Day 304 61 Days Remaining Halloween – The name is believed to have originated from “All Hallows’ Eve,” as it is the eve of All Hallows or All Saints Day (November 1st). National Caramel Apple Day Knock-Knock Joke Day - Kids of trick-or-treating age also like knock-knock jokes. So have some ready for the kids who come to your door tonight. For those who don't care for knock-knock jokes here's one you might enjoy telling: Knock, Knock. Who's there? Police. Police who? Police stop telling knock, knock jokes! Magic Day – This was created by the Society of American Magicians to commemorate the death of Harry Houdini who was president of that group when he died on this day in 1926. http://magicsam.com Society of American Magicians Increase Your Psychic Powers Day - Whether or not psychic powers exist, we can discern others intentions and emotions by reading their body language, watching facial expressions and listening for changes in their tone of voice. Trick or Treat for UNICEF Day - The United Nations Children's Fund was formerly called the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund and that is where the acronym UNICEF comes from. One of their fund raisers is having children trick or treat for UNICEF donations instead of candy. http://youth.unicefusa.org/trickortreat Mount Rushmore Anniversary - The sculptures on Mount Rushmore were started October 4, 1927 and completed on this day in 1941. 322

www.nps.gov/moru Nevada Admission Day - Nevada became the 46th state in 1907. www.history.com/topics/nevada

Week-Long Events in

OCTOBER
Hearing Aid Awareness Week (first full week) http://ihsinfo.org International Hearing Society www.healthyhearing.com National Work From Home Week (first full week) Many jobs can be done just as well from home, saving commuting time, office space and gasoline. If you think your job could be done at home, talk to your employer. www.homebiznotes.com/home-biz-owners-celebration-national-work-from-home-week/ National Carry a Tune Week (week that includes the 7th) William Billings (October 7, 1746 – September 26, 1800) was the first popular composer born in America. He is regarded as the father of American choral music. www.uh.edu/engines/epi1188.htm Engines of Our Ingenuity Universal Children's Week (first week) Children are our future and they deserve to be protected from harm, educated well and brought up to be respectful, responsible adults. Squirrel Appreciation Week (first full week) Mental Illness Awareness Week (first full week) www.nami.org National Alliance on Mental Illness National Newspaper Week (first full week) http://nnaweb.org National Newspaper Association Mystery Series Week (first full week) Two-thirds of all new mysteries each year feature a series detective. Get Organized Week (first full week) www.napo.net National Association of Professional Organizers Nuclear Medicine Week (first full week)

323

www.snm.org Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging No Salt Week (first full week) There are a lot of herbs and spices that give food great flavor without salt and are a lot better for you. www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/salt-substitutes/ Harvard School of Public Health Financial Planning Week (first full week) www.fpanet.org Financial Planning Association 4-H Week (first full week) www.4-h.org Spinning and Weaving Week (first full week) www.weavespindye.org Handweavers Guild of America, Inc. Customer Service Week (first full week) This is a week for companies to recognize the value and importance of good customer service employees. www.csweek.com Teller Appreciation Week (first full work week) www.bankersonline.com Drive Safely Work Week (first full work week) http://trafficsafety.org NETS® (Network of Employers for Traffic Safety) National Fire Prevention Week (week including the 9th) www.nfpa.org National Fire Protection Association www.firesafetytips.com National Metric Week (week including the 10th) www.nvtm.org National Council of Teachers of Mathematics Emergency Nurses Week (week including the second Wednesday) www.ena.org Emergency Nurses Association National Pet Peeve Week (second week) Make a list of your top three pet peeves and compare the list with your friends. Physician Assistants Week (second week) National Wildlife Refuge Week (second full week) – Visit and support a wildlife refuge near you. www.fws.gov/refuges/

324

Earth Science Week (second full week) This was created by the American Geological Institute. www.agiweb.org Customer Service Week (second full work week) – Serving the people who serve customers. www.csweek.com Home-Based Business Week (second full week) Having a home-based business can be very convenient. If you are considering it, do extensive research about a business before getting started. World Rainforest Week (second full week) http://ran.org Rainforest Action Network. Improve Your Home Office Week (second full week) See Top 10 Ways to Improve Your Home-Office Productivity and Motivation: http://ezinearticles.com/?Top-10-Ways-to-Improve-Your-Home-Office-Productivity-andMotivation&id=4188771 National Health Care Quality Week (second full week) www.nahq.org National Association for Healthcare Quality National School Lunch Week (second full school week) http://schoolnutrition.org School Nutrition Association Bone and Joint Decade National Action Week (12 - 20) An annual global event, Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week is held October 12-20 with activities focused on disorders including arthritis, back pain, osteoporosis and trauma. The events and projects organized by individuals and organizations worldwide are designed to raise awareness of prevention, disease management and treatments as well as advances in a number of areas. http://www.usbjd.org/projects/NAW_op.cfm?CFID=289606&CFTOKEN=71775577 www.usbji.org National Food Bank Week (week including the 16th) This was created in 1987 to recognize the importance of food banks. National Health Education Week (third week) www.nche.org National Center for Health Education National Business Women's Week (third week) This was celebrated in April starting in 1928 and changed to October in 1938. http://www.bpw-international.org BPW International International Infection Prevention Week (third week)

325

This was designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1986. www.apic.org Association for Professionals in Infection Control and Epidemiology Teen Read Week (third full week) This was created by the Young Adult Library Services Association in 1998. www.ala.org/yalsa/ Pharmacy Week (third full week) www.pharmacist.com American Pharmacists Association Radon Action Week (third full week) www.epa.gov/radon/ Environmental Protection Agency Forest Products Week (third full week) www.idahoforests.org Idaho Forest Products Commission Collegiate Alcohol Awareness Week (third full week) http://life.familyeducation.com/teen/drugs-and-alcohol/29743.html National School Bus Safety Week (third full week) http://itre.ncsu.edu/ghsp/parents.html School Bus Safety Tips YWCA Week Without Violence® (third full week) This was created in 1995 to promote a violence-free world. http://www.ywcaendtoviolence.org/home.htm Kids Care Week (third full week) This week encourages children to help their community. www.kidscare.org Character Counts!® Week (third full week) This recognizes the importance of teaching children respect, responsibility and other aspects of good character. http://charactercounts.org Chemistry Week (third full week) This was created in 1987 by the American Chemical Society. http://acs.org Synergy Week International (third full week) This week encourages organizations to integrate their resources to achieve high potential success. Freedom From Bullies at Work Week (third full week) http://www.workplacebullying.org/tools/freedom_week.html Workplace Bullying Institute

326

Medical Assistants Recognition Week (third full week) www.aama-ntl.org American Association of Medical Assistants National Drug-Free Work Week (week starting the third Monday) http://www.dol.gov/asp/programs/drugs/workingpartners/DFWW-Introduction.asp Respiratory Care Week (fourth full week) www.aarc.org American Association for Respiratory Care Give Wildlife a Brake Week (fourth full week) Something I’ve learned from personal experience: If you see a deer cross the road in front of you, there will most likely be more than just one. Watch out for that second deer! www.wildlifeincrisis.com Wildlife in Crisis, Inc. The Magic of Differences Week (fourth full week) Imagine how boring the world would be if we were all alike. Innovation comes from imagination. If everyone had the same talents and ideas, we would not see very much in the way of progress. National Save Your Back Week (fourth full week) www.spine-health.com http://www.ergonomics.ucla.edu/Howto_Back.html How to Save Your Back. Prescription Errors Education and Awareness Week (24 - 31) Prescription errors, such as dispensing the wrong medication or giving the wrong dosage or instructions, can have devastating results. Double-check your prescriptions with your doctor. http://patients.about.com/od/drugsandsafety/a/pharmerrors.htm Peace, Friendship and Goodwill Week (25 - 31) www.friendshipandgoodwill.org International Society of Friendship and Good Will

Month-Long Events in

OCTOBER
Halloween Safety Month http://www.halloween-safety.com Trick of Treat for UNICEF Month http://youth.unicefusa.org/trickortreat United Nations Children's Fund

327

Country Music Month Roller Skating Month Stamp Collecting Month www.stampcollection.net 8-ball Billiards Awareness Month Class Reunion Month Family History Month www.ancestory.com www.cyndislist.com Clock Month Dinosaur Month (started in 1997) http://paleobiology.si.edu/dinosaurs Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History Discover America Month www.discoveramerica.com Official Travel and Tourism Website of the United States Adopt a Shelter Animal Month www.aspca.org Animal Safety and Protection Month www.doggies.com eCard Month Children's Internet Safety Month – This was designated by the Senate in 2000. www.safer-internet.net High Tech Month - This was designated by Congress in 1985 as being in October (joint resolution H.J.RES.128), but most calendars now list January as High Tech Month. Computer Learning Month www.gcflearnfree.org/computers GCR LearnFree.org® National Cybersecurity Awareness Month www.cauce.org Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email Positive Attitude Month

328

http://stress.about.com/od/positiveattitude/Positive_Attitude_Develop_a_Positive_Attitud e_for_Stress_Relief.htm Listen to Your Inner Critic Month Pajama Month Right-Brainers Rule Month http://blogthings.com/areyourightorleftbrainedquiz/ http://homeworktips.about.com/od/learningstyles/a/leftrightbrain.htm Communicate with Your Kid Month National Reading Group Month – Created by the Women's National Book Association in 2007. www.nationalreadinggroupmonth.org Go on a Field Trip Month www.gettingoutside.com/Go-on-a-Field-Trip-Month-October Walk to School Month www.walkbiketoschool.org Head Start Awareness Month – This was designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1982. Since 1965 the Head Start program has benefited millions of pre-school children. www.nhsa.org National Head Start Association Let's Talk Month – This is a campaign coordinated by Advocates for Youth to encourage parents to talk to their children about sexuality and relationships. www.advocatesforyouth.org Sarcasm Month Clergy Appreciation Month www.thrivingpastor.org/cam Cosmetology Month www.probeauty.org/nca National Cosmetology Association Diversity Awareness Month http://icma.org Energy Management Month – There are many websites with advice on how to manage your energy use. It’s a WIN-WIN because you will save money and also help the environment.

329

Fall Car Care Month www.carcare.org Women's Small Business Month www.womanowned.com Workplace Politics Awareness Month http://careerplanning.about.com/od/workplacesurvival/a/politics.htm Crime Prevention Month www.ncpc.org National Crime Prevention Council National Domestic Violence Awareness Month - This was designated by Congress in 1989. www.nrcdv.org/dvam/ The Domestic Violence Awareness Project Remember the Loss of a Child Month www.compassionatefriends.org Apple Month (goes through November) www.usapple.org U.S. Apple Association National Applejack Month – Applejack is a more concentrated and potent form of Apple cider. Caramel Month Celebrate Sun Dried Tomatoes Month Chili Month www.famouschilirecipes.com/national-chili-month.html Cookie Month Dessert Month Eat Better, Eat Together Month www.families.com/blog/why-families-should-eat-dinner-together Go Hog Wild – Eat Country Ham Month www.countryham.org National Country Ham Association World Hunger Awareness Month www.thp.org The Hunger Project Pasta Month

330

www.ilovepasta.org National Pasta Association Pizza Month Popcorn Poppin' Month www.popcorn.org The Popcorn Board Pork Month www.nppc.org National Pork Producers Council www.pork.org National Pork Board Pretzel Month Auto Battery Safety Month National Dental Hygiene Month www.adha.org American Dental Hygienists' Association Blindness Awareness Month www.lowvision.org The Low Vision Gateway www.preventblindness.org Prevent Blindness.org Eye Injury Prevention Month www.aao.org American Academy of Ophthalmology www.webmd.com/eye-health/tc/eye-injuries-prevention Glaucoma Awareness Month – As observed by The American Academy of Opthalmology. www.aao.org Lazy Eye (Amblyopia) Month www.lazyeye.org Talk About Prescriptions Month – If you get prescriptions from more than one doctor be sure they all know what the other doctors have prescribed. Also let your pharmacy know of any medications you get from another pharmacy or any OTC medications you use. www.talkaboutrx.org The National Council on Patient Information and Education AIDS Awareness Month – This was designated by President Ronald Reagan in 1988. www.aids.org National Breast Cancer Awareness Month (started in 1984) www.nbcam.org Campaign for Healthier Babies Month

331

www.nbdpn.org National Birth Defects Prevention Network www.marchofdimes.com March of Dimes Children's Health Month – This was designated by the EPA to promote the awareness of environmental risks affecting children. http://yosemite.epa.gov/ochp/ochpweb.nsf/content/homepage.htm Environmental Protection Agency Depression and Mental Health Month www.mentalhealthamerica.net Mental Health America National Disability Employment Awareness Month - This was designated by Congress in 1988. www.dol.gov/odep Office of Disability Employment Policy National Down Syndrome Awareness Month www.ndss.org National Down Syndrome Society Dryer Vent Safety Month (some sources list it as being observed in January) Family Sexuality Education Month www.pamf.org/teen/parents/sex/talksex.html Talking to Teens About Sex Health Literacy Month – The more you know about staying healthy the better. www.healthliteracymonth.org Emotional Wellness Month http://wordsofwellness.com Healthy Lung Month www.lungusa.org American Lung Association Family Health Month www.aafp.org American Academy of Family Physicians Liver Awareness Month www.liverfoundation.org American Liver Foundation Long-Term Care Planning Month www.longtermcare.gov National Clearinghouse for Long-Term Care Information March for Babies (formerly known as WalkAmerica) www.marchforbabies.org National Medical Librarians Month www.mlanet.org Medical Library Association

332

Orthodontic Health Month www.mylifemysmile.org American Association of Orthodontists National Physical Therapy Month www.apta.org American Physical Therapy Association Prenatal Infection Awareness Month - This was designated by Group B Strep International. www.groupbstrepinternational.org Rett Syndrome Awareness Month www.rettsyndrome.org International Rett Syndrome Foundation. RSV Awareness Month - The Respiratory Syncytial virus may cause only minor cold symptoms in adults but can cause major problems for babies and small children. http://kidshealth.org/parent/infections/lung/rsv.html www.lung.org American Lung Association National Spina Bifida Awareness Month www.spinabifidaassociation.org Spina Bifida Association Spinal Health Month www.spine-health.com Substance Abuse Prevention Month www.aap.org American Academy of Pediatrics Sudden Infant Death Syndrome Awareness Month www.sids.org American SIDS Institute www.firstcandle.org First Candle Walk for Diabetes Month www.diabetes.org American Diabetes Association

333

~ November 2014 ~
Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 1 Sat

2

3

4 Election Day

5

6

7

8

9

10

11 Veterans' Day 12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27 Thanksgiving 28

29

30

Notes:

334

Flower - Chrysanthemum (signifies cheerfulness and friendship) Alternate Flower - Orchid Birthstone - Citrine (signifies loyalty and fidelity) Alternate Birthstone - Yellow Topaz November Name Origin - November is Latin for ninth (it was originally the ninth month)

Saturday, November 1
Day 305 Cake Appreciation Day All Saints’ Day – Also known as All Hallowed Day, this is a day to commemorate all saints known and unknown. National Authors' Day www.kidsread.com www.authorguru.net www.themysteryreader.com National Family Literacy Day http://lincs.ed.gov Literacy Information and Communication System http://www.readwritethink.org/classroom-resources/calendar-activities/celebratenational-family-literacy-20681.html No Driving with Cell Phones Day – On this day in 2001, New York became the first state to ban drivers from talking on hand-held cell phones. Many other states have followed even though this will only be partly helpful. Studies have shown that even when using a hands-free headset drivers are distracted enough to increase the chance of an accident considerably. Hello Kitty's Birthday - Hello Kitty was introduced on this day in 1974 in Japan. www.hellokittyuniverse.com I Love Hello Kitty International Coaches Day – This was started in 2002 to honor coaches of all kinds. www.coachfederation.org 60 Days Remaining

335

Plate Tectonics Day – German scientist, Alfred Wegener was born on this day in 1880. He created the theory of continental drift. His theory was not accepted by other scientists until many years after his death. Now he is recognized as being the founding father of plate tectonics. World Vegetation Day Book Lover's Day 2014 (first Saturday) – This is also celebrated on August 9. www.nationalbook.org National Book Foundation

Sunday, November 2
Day 306 59 Days Remaining National Deviled Egg Day – Easy to make, delicious, and an appropriate party treat. Look for Circles Day - This is a fun day for young children who are learning the concept of shapes. Give them stickers or praise each time they point out something that is in the shape of a circle. Piggy Bank Day – In addition to being a name for swine, “pig” is also a form of earthenware. Folks often saved money in kitchen pots and jars made of pig, called “pig jars.” By the 18th century, the term “pig jar” had evolved to “pig bank” or “piggy bank.” A piggy bank made of earthenware in Indonesia dates back to the 14th or 15th century. All Souls’ Day – This day commemorates the souls of the faithful who have passed away. Women's Right to Vote Day – On this day in 1920 women were allowed to vote for the first time in federal elections. Birthday of Daniel Boone – Kentucky frontiersman, Daniel Boone (October 22, 1734 – September 26, 1820), is one of our earliest folk heros. www.danielboonehomestead.org www.danielboonehome.com www.danielboonetrail.com Plan Your Epitaph Day – If you don’t plan it, someone else will. National Traffic Directors Day – This day recognizes the people who work in the continuity, billing, business, production and other behind the scenes departments of radio

336

and television stations. It was created by the Traffic Directors Guild of America in 2000 to commemorate the first commercial radio broadcast in Pittsburgh in 1922. www.tcga.org Traffic Directors Guild of America North Dakota Admission Day – North Dakota became the 39th state on this day in 1889. http://history.nd.gov State Historical Society of North Dakota South Dakota Admission Day – South Dakota became the 40th state on this day in 1889. http://history.sd.gov South Dakota State Historical Society Birthday of President Warren G. Harding (November 2, 1865 – August 2, 1923) – He was the twenty-ninth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents Birthday of President James K. Polk (November 2, 1795 – June 15, 1849) – He was the eleventh president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents www.jameskpolk.com James K. Polk Home Zero-Tasking Day (first Sunday) – Everyone needs a day off now and then. Use this day to relax or do something fun. New York City Marathon (first Sunday) – The first annual New York City Marathon was held in 1970. Daylight Savings Time ends (first Sunday) – You would think everybody would be on time for church today, seeing that everyone had an extra hour of sleep. But…

Monday, November 3
Day 307 58 Days Remaining New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 12:50 UTC. Housewife's Day – Housewives do not always get the respect they deserve. They are a major asset to the neighborhoods in which they live. They are the one all the children can go in an emergency. They don’t mind accepting a delivery for you when you’re not at

337

home. They help working parents by chauffeuring their children to soccer games and play days. They do a million things and never ask for anything in return. Today is the day to thank them. National Sandwich Day Give Someone a Dollar Today Day – It’s always a good idea to have a few dollars in your pocket or purse, not necessarily for yourself, but for a friend or coworker that may be short of cash. Instead of giving cash money to a homeless person, a good idea is to carry a McDonald’s gift card with $5 on it. That way they will actually use it for food and not for drugs or alcohol. Birth of the Bra – On this day in 1914, Mary Phelps Jacob was issued the first patent for a brassiere. Public Television Birthday – The Public Broadcasting Service was founded in 1969. National Sleep-In Day – Take advantage of that extra hour of sleep you get from the end of daylight savings time. www.sleepfoundation.org National Sleep Foundation

Tuesday, November 4
Day 308 57 Days Remaining National Candy Day – Since this is kind of in-between Halloween and Christmas, you may be low on candy. Stock up and celebrate! Air-Conditioned Automobile Anniversary – Packard introduced the first airconditioned automobile in 1939. In order to turn the air-conditioning on and off you had to shut off the engine, open the hood and connect or disconnect the belt from the compressor. King Tut Day – On this day in 1922 the tomb of King Tutankhamun was discovered. www.kingtutone.com/tutankhamun/ Election Day (first Tuesday after the first Monday) - This election will only be for special elections to the United States Congress. There will also be gubernatorial and state legislative elections in a few states; as well as numerous citizen initiatives, mayoral races, and a variety of other local offices on the ballot.

338

Wednesday, November 5
Day 309 56 Days Remaining First Post Office Anniversary – The first post office in the colonies was set up in Boston, Massachusetts in 1639 in the home of Richard Fairbanks. First Woman Voting Anniversary – On this day in 1872 suffragist Susan B. Anthony voted. At that time it was illegal for women to vote in national elections in the United States so she was fined one hundred dollars. First Woman Governor Anniversary – The voters of Connecticut elected Ella Grasso governor on this day in 1974. She was the first woman governor who was not the wife or widow of a past governor. Franklin D. Roosevelt Election Anniversary – For the only time in United States history a president was elected to a third consecutive term on this day in 1940.

Thursday, November 6
Day 310 55 Days Remaining Frosty Moon (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in November is called the “Frosty Moon.” The full moon will occur at 4:22PM CST, 22:22 UTC. I Love Nachos Day – Who doesn’t? International End Gossip Day – Office gossip can have some serious repercussions. Keeping an open line of communication and letting everyone know what’s going on will minimize people speculating and assuming the worst.

339

Basketball Day – James Naismith (November 6, 1861 – November 28, 1939) invented the game of basketball, and is credited with inventing the first football helmet. Electric Razor Birthday – On this day in 1928, Lieutenant Colonel Jacob Schick (September 16, 1877 – July 3, 1937) was granted a patent for the first electric razor. He started the Schick Dry Shaver, Inc. razor company. Halfway Point of Autumn – At this time of year it is typically quite chilly in the morning and evening. But it is still warm enough in mid-day to participate in outdoor activities. Marching Band Day Saxophone Day – Antoine-Joseph “Adolphe” Sax (November 6, 1814 – February 4, 1894) invented the saxophone. www.adolphesax.com Marooned Without a Compass Day – Many people have cell phones with a GPS app or digital compass to help them find their way around. International Day for Preventing the Exploitation of the Environment in War and Armed Conflict www.unep.org National Men Make Dinner Day™ (first Thursday) – This is the day for all the real men to step up to the plate (the dinner plate, that is). Come on, men! You can do it! www.menmakedinnerday.com

Friday, November 7
Day 311 54 Days Remaining National Bittersweet Chocolate With Almonds Day Hug a Bear Day – It may be wise to hug a teddy bear and not a real bear. Notary Public Day – This was started in 1975 to commemorate the public service provided by notaries. www.asnnotary.org American Society of Notaries

340

World Community Day (first Friday) - This was created by Church Women United to focus on justice and peace through non-violent means.

Saturday, November 8
Day 312 53 Days Remaining I Hate to Cook Day – Two words: FAST FOOD! Try a New Recipe Day www.allrecipes.com www.food.com Dunce Day – Duns Scotus (c. 1266 – November 8, 1308) was a medieval scholar in Duns, Scotland. He believed that a cone-shaped cap would cause knowledge to flow from the point and down into the head of the wearer. Forcing a student to sit in a corner wearing a “dunce cap” was intended to mock and embarrass the child, perhaps to the point that they would become more diligent in their studies. X-ray Day – Chemist and physicist, Marie Skłodowska-Curie (November 7, 1867 – July 4, 1934), discovered polonium and radium. She was awarded two Nobel Prizes for her work related to radioactivity which led to x-rays. Montana Admission Day – Montana became the 41st state on this day in 1889. www.montanahistory.net http://mhs.mt.gov Montana Historical Society

Sunday, November 9
Day 313 52 Days Remaining Go to an Art Museum Today Day – Art is the result of creativity and imagination. Who knows? Maybe going to an art museum will cause your own creative juices to flow. Parade Day – This day is listed on many holiday sites, but no information is available about its origin. 341

Chaos Never Dies Day – We may not be able to obliterate chaos from our lives entirely, but the more simplicity and order we can create, the better. Check out 72 Ideas to Simplify Your Life: http://zenhabits.net/simple-living-manifesto-72-ideas-to-simplify-your-life/

Monday, November 10
Day 314 51 Days Remaining Marine Corps Day – The U.S. Marine Corps was first established on this day in 1775 to help the navy during the Revolutionary War. It was abolished at the end of the war and then reestablished on July 11, 1798. National Forget-Me-Not Day – Today would be a good day to contact clients and prospects you haven’t spoken with in a while. National Vanilla Cupcake Day Gingerbread House Day (also celebrated December 12) - This could also be called “Eat Yourself Out of House and Home Day.” www.wilton.com/celebrations/Christmas/gingerbread.cfm Birth of the Motorcycle – The first gasoline-powered motorcycle was invented in 1885 by Gottlieb Daimler. It was called the Daimler Reitwagen (means “riding car”). It could reach speeds of 7 MPH. Area Codes Birthday – The first customer-dialed call using an area code was placed on this day in 1951. Previous to that you had to go through an operator to place a long distance call. The call was between Mayor M. Leslie Downing in Englewood, New Jersey and Mayor Frank Osborne in Alameda, California. Sesame Street Day – This educational program premiered on public television on this day in 1969.

342

Tuesday, November 11
Day 315 50 Days Remaining Veterans Day – WWI formally ended at 11 a.m. on the eleventh day of the eleventh month in 1918. This day was created to remember veterans of all wars. www.va.gov/opa/vetsday/ Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Anniversary – The dedication of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier was on this day in 1921, with the internment of an unknown soldier killed in battle during WWI. In 1958, an unknown soldier from WWII and an unknown soldier from the Korean War were laid to rest at the tomb. In 1984, an unknown soldier from the Vietnam War was laid to rest at the tomb. In 1994, the body of Michael J. Blassie (the unknown soldier from the Vietnam War) was exhumed and identified through DNA testing. His remains were given a proper burial in his home state of Missouri. At present, there remain only three unknown soldiers at the tomb. https://tombguard.org Society of the Honor Guard Remembrance Day – This is celebrated in Canada and other countries to commemorate the end of WWI. The armies stopped fighting at 11 a.m. on the eleventh day of the eleventh month in 1918. Route 66 Birthday – Route 66, one of the first U.S. highways, was established on this day in 1926. It went 2,448 miles from Chicago, Illinois to Los Angeles, California by way of Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico and Arizona. The route was changed and updated over the years and little by little was replaced by other interstate highways. U.S. Route 66 officially ceased to exist as of 1985. You can still drive many parts of the original road as often they became state and local roads. Air Day www.sparetheair.org spare the air Four Ones Day – This is on 11/11 every year. Washington State Admission Day – Washington became the 42nd state in 1889. www.historylink.org/ www.washingtonhistory.org/ www.secstate.wa.gov/history/ National Young Readers Day (second Tuesday) – This was created in 1989 by Pizza Hut and the Library of Congress to encourage children to read. 343

www.bookitprogram.com Pizza Hut BOOK IT! Program

Wednesday, November 12
Day 316 49 Days Remaining Chicken Soup for Soul Day – This day was created by Mark Victor Hansen and Jack Canfield, authors of the famous book series. It is meant to be "... a celebration of who you are, where you've been, where you're going, and who you will be thankful to when you get there!" www.chickensoup.com Chicken Soup for the Soul www.markvictorhansen.com http://jackcanfield.com Are You Ready for Some Football? Day – The first Sunday football game in Philadelphia was held on this day in 1933. Prior to this date, football games on Sundays were illegal. National Pizza With the Works Except Anchovies Day – No explanation required. Ellis Island Closing Anniversary – The Ellis Island immigration station in New York Harbor was closed on this day in 1954. www.ellisisland.org The Statue of Liberty – Ellis Island Foundation, Inc. Holland Tunnel Day – The Holland Tunnel, the first underwater tunnel, that connected New York and New Jersey, opened on this day in 1927. Arkansas Joins the Twentieth Century Day - On this day in 1968 the Supreme Court declared that the Arkansas law banning the teaching of evolution in public schools was unconstitutional.

Thursday, November 13
Day 317 48 Days Remaining

344

Photo: National Park Service / Nathan King

Vietnam Veterans Memorial Day - On this day in 1982 the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was dedicated. The wall listed 58,191 names when it was completed in 1983. As of May 2011, there are 58,272 names, including eight women. http://thewall-usa.com www.wmf.org Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund www.virtualwall.org Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall – The Virtual Wall™ www.vietnamveteransmemorial.org World Kindness Day - This is the anniversary of the first World Kindness Movement® conference. The purpose is to focus on the things we have in common with people in every culture so we can attain a peaceful coexistence. www.worldkindness.org.sg/ www.kindness.com.au www.kindnessuk.com First Helicopter Flight – Paul Cornu of France was able to lift a helicopter off the ground and keep it in the air for twenty seconds on this day in 1907. First Pacific Balloon Crossing Anniversary – The Double Eagle V became the first hot air balloon to cross the Pacific on this day in 1981.

Friday, November 14
Day 318 47 Days Remaining

345

National Pickle Appreciation Day – Who doesn’t appreciate a good pickle? Loosen Up, Lighten Up Day – Loosen your necktie (and maybe your belt), don’t be so serious, and feel the stress melt away. Operating Room Nurse Day – This was created in 1989 by Iowa Governor Terry Branstad. Streetcar Birthday – The first streetcar was used today in 1832 in New York City. It was pulled by horses along steel rails in the middle of the street.

Saturday, November 15
Day 319 46 Days Remaining Godiva Chocolates in America Day - Godiva chocolates were first sold in the United States at Wanamaker's in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1966. Pack Your Mom's Lunch Day – Kids can pack their mother’s lunch today for a change. Don't forget to put in a note or special treat along with the healthy food. I Love to Write Day – This was started in 2002 by author John Riddle. The purpose it to encourage people to write down their thoughts, whether in the form of a poem, short story, the start of a novel, letter, etc. www.ilovetowriteday.org America Recycles Day – This was started in 1997. So much can be accomplished when everyone does their part. www.kab.org Keep America Beautiful Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day – It’s not a bad idea to clean out the refrigerator at least once a year. Throw out anything that is past its expiration date, or if it smells funky. Don’t just do this at home, remember to clean out the refrigerator in the employee lounge at the office. Little Red Wagon Day – Most of us had one of these when we were little. National Philanthropy Day® - This was started in 1986 by the Association of Fundraising Professionals. It recognizes the great contribution to society that is made by those individuals and groups who support all kinds of worthy causes.

346

www.afpnet.org Association of Fundraising Professionals Safety Razor Birthday - On this day in 1904, King Gillette was granted a patent for a safety razor. www.gillette.com Sadie Hawkins Day (first Saturday on or after the 9th) – This is an opportunity for the woman to ask the man: to a dance, on a date, etc. Sadie Hawkins Day originated from the Li’l Abner comic strip and was first mentioned on November 13, 1937. Don’t confuse this with February 29 when it is okay for a woman to propose to a man.

Sunday, November 16
Day 320 45 Days Remaining National Fast Food Day – “Fast food” used to mean “unhealthy.” Most fast food restaurants now have healthier choices on their menus. www.mcdonalds.com McDonald’s® www.bk.com Burger King® www.hardees.com Hardee’s® www.arbys.com Arby’s® http://krystal.com Krystal® www.subway.com Subway® www.sonicdrivein.com Sonic Drive-In® www.tacobell.com Taco Bell® www.dairyqueen.com Dairy Queen® www.kfc.com KFC® (Kentucky Fried Chicken®) www.ljsilvers.com Long John Silver’s® www.captainds.com Captain D’s® www.jackinthebox.com Jack in the Box® www.whitecastle.com White Castle® www.wendys.com Wendy’s® http://popeyes.com Popeye’s Chicken & Biscuits® www.bojangles.com Bojangles’® www.awrestaurants.com A&W Restaurants® www.quiznos.com Quiznos® National Guacamole Day Have a Party With Your Bear Day

347

Button Day Birth of the Blues Day – Musician and composer, W.C. Handy (November 16, 1873 – March 28, 1958), is known as the “father of the Blues.” www.wchandymusicfestival.org Music Preservation Society, Inc. www.handyblues.org W.C. Handy Blues & Barbecue Festival International Day for Tolerance – This was designated by the United Nations General Assembly in 1996. www.un.org/en/events/toleranceday/ Educational Support Professionals Day - This was created by the National Education Association in 1987 to honor school support staff. www.nea.org National Education Association Oklahoma Admission Day – Oklahoma became the 46th state in 1907. www.okhistory.org Oklahoma Historical Society www.oklahomahistory.net

Monday, November 17
Day 321 44 Days Remaining Leonids Meteor Shower – The Leonids is one of the better meteor showers to observe, producing an average of 40 meteors per hour at their peak. The shower itself has a cyclic peak year every 33 years where hundreds of meteors can be seen each hour. The last of these occurred in 2001. The shower usually peaks on the night of November 17 and the early morning of November 18, but you may see some meteors from November 13 - 20. The waning crescent moon will not be much of a problem this year. Skies should be dark enough for a good show. Best viewing will be from a dark location after midnight. Meteors will radiate from the constellation Leo, but can appear anywhere in the sky. World Prematurity Day www.facebook.com/WorldPrematurityDay National Chocolate Celebration Day www.allchocolate.com Homemade Bread Day – There are many health benefits to be enjoyed by baking your own bread from freshly-milled wheat. www.breadbeckers.com

348

Take a Hike Day – Hiking is good for the body as well as the soul. It’s great exercise but more importantly it’s a great stress reliever. Coping With Uncertainty Day – Nothing in life is completely for certain. Even the best laid plans will meet with opposition and change. Learning how to cope with uncertainty is a valuable skill, both in the workplace as well as in our personal lives. http://ezinearticles.com/?Coping-With-Uncertainty&id=1343541 www.iup.edu/page.aspx?id=40173 www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/09/28/AR2009092802875.html http://blogs.hbr.org/demaio/2009/05/how-are-you-coping-with-uncert.html National Farm Joke Day

Tuesday, November 18
Day 322 43 Days Remaining Teddy Bear Day – The teddy bear first went on sale in 1902. www.quinlanmuseum.com Susan Quinlan Doll & Teddy Bear Museum & Library Mickey Mouse Day – The Mickey Mouse character was introduced on this day in 1928 in the animated short film Steamboat Willie. www.disneyshorts.org/shorts.aspx?shortID=96 Touch-Tone Telephone Birthday – Push-button phones that used audio tones to convey numbers were introduced in Pennsylvania in 1963. http://visual.ly/telephone-evolution The Evolution of the Telephone Time Zones Anniversary – In early times each city or town was in charge of keeping their own time. Usually the sun was used as a guide with noon being when the sun was straight overhead. This became a major problem for railroads trying to set up arrival and departure schedules. Sir Sanford Fleming of Canada came up with the time zones we use today in 1878 but it took several years for them to be adopted. Railroad companies in the United States started using the time zones on this day in 1883. By 1895 most places in the United States adopted time zones but they were not made mandatory until 1918. www.worldtimezone.com Prematurity Awareness Day (third Tuesday) www.marchofdimes.com The March of Dimes®

349

School Pride Day (Tuesday of American Education Week)

Wednesday, November 19
Day 323 42 Days Remaining Play Monopoly Day – The first Monopoly Game (in the form we know it) went on sale in 1935. Some sources list this as February 6. www.hasbro.com/monopoly/en_us/ National Vichyssoise Day – (pronounced: vish·ē·swäz′) is a thick soup made of puréed leeks, onions, potatoes, cream, and chicken stock. It is traditionally served cold. Although the name is French, there is some debate as to its origin. Julia Child called it “an American invention.” One source says it originated at The Algonquin Hotel in Manhattan. http://allrecipes.com/recipe/vichyssoise/ Gettysburg Address Anniversary – On this day in 1863, President Lincoln delivered a short speech at the dedication of the Soldier's National Cemetery in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It became known as the Gettysburg Address. Birthday of President James A. Garfield (November 19, 1831 – September 19, 1881) – He was the twentieth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ www.nps.gov/jaga/index.htm National Park Service – James A. Garfield Home

Thursday, November 20
Day 324 41 Days Remaining Universal Children’s Day – This day was established by the United Nations in 1954 and aims to promote the welfare of children around the world. www.un.org/en/events/childrenday/

350

Absurdity Day – By definition, absurdity is the quality or state of being ridiculous or wildly unreasonable. So, use this day to identify the absurd things in your life. If you can get rid of them, do. If you cannot, accept them and move on. Bicycle Birthday – The first pedal bicycle patent in the U.S. was awarded on this day in 1866 to Pierre Lallement and James Carroll. www.bicycling.com National Peanut Butter Fudge Day Traffic Light Day – The first four-way red, amber, green traffic light was created by police officer, William Potts and installed on the corner of Woodward and Michigan Avenues in Detroit, Michigan in 1920. First Airport Anniversary – The first municipal airport in the United States opened on this day in 1919 in Tucson, Arizona. Air Your Dirty Laundry Day – Why anyone would want to do this is beyond me, but if you do, today is the day to do it. Future Teachers of America Day www.futureeducators.org Future Educators Association® Birthday of Robert Francis Kennedy – “Bobby” Kennedy (November 20, 1925 – June 6, 1968) was a United States Senator and brother of John F. Kennedy. Bobby was assassinated during his campaign for president on June 6, 1968. His wife, Ethel, gave birth to their eleventh child six months after his death. National Parental Involvement Day™ (third Thursday) – Started in 1995, a day to encourage parents to be involved in their child’s education. http://www.projectappleseed.org/abc.html Catholic School Principal Appreciation Day (Thursday before Thanksgiving) – This was designated by the National Catholic Educational Association. www.ncea.org Great American Smokeout (Thursday before Thanksgiving) – This was created in 1977 by the American Cancer Society. www.cancer.org

351

Friday, November 21
Day 325 40 Days Remaining Pumpkin Pie Day – This is also celebrated on December 25. World Hello Day – This was started in 1973. The purpose of this day is to recognize the importance of communication in preserving world peace. To participate, simply greet ten people during the course of the day. www.worldhelloday.org World Television Day – This was created by the United Nations General Assembly in 1996. Several countries voted against the resolution. One reason is that there are already days commemorating telecommunications and media. But the main objection was because a majority of the world population doesn't have access to television. www.un.org/en/events/televisionday/ North Carolina Admission Day – North Carolina became the 12th state in 1789. www.northcarolinahistory.org

Saturday, November 22
Day 326 Go For a Ride Day Birthday of Jamie Lee Curtis – Curtis, actress and author of children's books was born on this day in 1958. www.jamieleecurtisonline.com Humane Society Anniversary - On this day in 1954 The Humane Society of the United States was founded. www.humanesociety.org 39 Days Remaining

352

Phonograph Day – The phonograph was first exhibited by Thomas Edison on this day in 1877. New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 7:32AM CST, 12:32 UTC.

Slumber Party Day – This day is also listed on many different dates, and no definitive information is available about its origin. International Start Your Own Country Day – This was started in 1939 at the World's Fair in New York. John F. Kennedy Assassination Anniversary – On this day in 1963 our 35th president was assassinated in Dallas, Texas by Lee Harvey Oswald. www.jfklibrary.org John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Stop the Violence Day – This was started in 1990. This day was chosen because of being the day President John Kennedy was assassinated. Wear white ribbons and drive with your headlights on to show your support of stopping violence of all kinds. National Adoption Day (the Saturday before Thanksgiving) – This was designated in 2000 by the Alliance for Children's Rights. On this day many courts across the U.S. finalize adoptions of children from foster care. www.nationaladoptionday.org

353

International Aura Awareness Day (fourth Saturday) - This was created in 2001. www.realityshifters.com RealityShifters National Family Volunteer Day (Saturday before Thanksgiving) National Survivors of Suicide Day 2013 (Saturday before Thanksgiving) – This was designated by Congress as a time when friends and family of those who have committed suicide can console and support each other. www.afsp.org American Foundation for Suicide Prevention

Sunday, November 23
Day 327 38 Days Remaining Color Photos Birthday – Kodak introduced the first modern color film in 1935. Most people continued to take black and white photos for many years after that because of the high cost of color film and developing. Also many of the early color photos faded quickly. www.kodak.com/US/en/corp/kodakHistory/ Jukebox Day – On this day in 1889 the first 'nickel-in-the-slot' machine was put in service in San Francisco, California. Pencil Sharpener Birthday – The first modern-style pencil sharpener was patented by John Love of Massachusetts in 1897. National Cashew Day Eat a Cranberry Day – Cranberries can be good for you but you probably need more than one to make a difference! Birthday of President Franklin Pierce (November 23, 1804 – October 8, 1869) - He was the fourteenth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/

354

Monday, November 24
Day 328 National Espresso Day D.B. Cooper Day – On this day in 1971, a man using the alias 'D.B. Cooper' parachuted out of a plan with twenty-one pounds of twenty dollar bills that he had extorted from Northwest Orient Airlines. His true identity has never been discovered and neither he nor his remains have been found. On the Origin of the Species Anniversary – Charles Darwin's On the Origin of the Species was published on this day in 1859. The word “evolution” is nowhere to be found in his book. Softball Birthday – Softball was invented on this day in Chicago in 1887 by George Hancock. Birthday of President Zachary Taylor (November 24, 1784 – July 9, 1850) - He was the twelfth president. www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ Military Families Recognition Day (Monday before Thanksgiving) - This was designated by President Bill Clinton in 1994. www.militaryfamily.org National Military Family Association 37 Days Remaining

Tuesday, November 25
Day 329 National Parfait Day Department of Homeland Security Birthday – The Department of Homeland Security was formed on this day in 2002. National Don't Utter a Word Day – This is a day for listening more than you talk. 355 36 Days Remaining

International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women – This day was created in 1999 by the United Nations General Assembly. www.un.org/en/events/endviolenceday/

Wednesday, November 26
Day 330 National Cake Day Birthday of Charles Schulz – Charles Schulz (November 26, 1922 – February 12, 2000) was the creator of the Peanuts comic strip, featuring Charlie Brown and Snoopy. http://schulzmuseum.org Charles M. Schulz Museum www.flyingace.net Snoopy’s Home Lion Day – The first lion exhibited in the United States was in Boston in 1716. First Official Thanksgiving Day – Various colonies celebrated Thanksgiving on various dates starting in 1621. However, a proclamation, signed by President George Washington, declared November 26, 1789 as the first official Thanksgiving Day. National Family Caregivers Day (day Before Thanksgiving) – If you know someone who is caring for an ill family member please offer to help - even if just for an hour now and then. If you don't feel you could take over caregiving for even a short time, you can still offer to run errands. http://caregiveraction.org What Do You Love About America? Day (day before Thanksgiving) 35 Days Remaining

Thursday, November 27
Day 331 34 Days Remaining

356

Thanksgiving Day (fourth Thursday) – William Bradford, Governor of Plymouth Colony, made the following Proclamation on Thursday, November 29, 1623: Inasmuch as the great Father has given us this year an abundant harvest of Indian corn, wheat, peas, beans, squashes, and garden vegetables, and has made the forests to abound with game and the sea with fish and clams, and inasmuch as he has protected us from the ravages of the savages, has spared us from pestilence and disease, has granted us freedom to worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience. Now I, your magistrate, do proclaim that all ye Pilgrims, with your wives and ye little ones, do gather at ye meeting house, on ye hill, between the hours of 9 and 12 in the day time, on Thursday, November 29th, of the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and twenty-three and the third year since ye Pilgrims landed on ye Pilgrim Rock, there to listen to ye pastor and render thanksgiving to ye Almighty God for all His blessings. Freckle Pride Day National Bavarian Cream Pie Day Pie in the Face Day – Just remember: What goes around, comes around! Electric Guitar Day - This is celebrated on the birthday of well-known guitarist, Jimi Hendrix (November 27, 1942 – September 18, 1970). www.jimihendrix.com Pins and Needles Day – This celebrates the opening of the Broadway musical, Pins and Needles. It was a pro-labor play produced by the International Ladies Garment Workers' Union with union members as the cast. www.laborarts.org/exhibits/ilgwu/ National Family History Day (on Thanksgiving) - This was created in 2004 by the Department of Health and Human Services. While families are together for the holidays get info about the health history of as many ancestors and family members as you can. Have someone write it down and copy it for others in the family. This could be just the clue a doctor needs to diagnose a problem or it can give you clues of lifestyle changes that could lengthen your life. www.hhs.gov/familyhistory/

Friday, November 28
Day 332 33 Days Remaining

357

(27 Shopping Days until Christmas) National French Toast Day Auto Race Birthday - The first auto race in the U.S. was held on this day in 1895 Illinois. Red Planet Day – This day was created to commemorate the spacecraft Mariner 4 that launched on this day in 1964 and passed within 6,118 miles of Mars. There were once many different theories as to why Mars appeared to be red. It is now known that there is a lot of iron oxide (aka rust) on the surface. There is also iron oxide particles in the atmosphere of Mars. Skywriting Birthday – In New York City in 1922, pilot John Savage wanted to demonstrate the viability of skywriting as an advertising method. He spelled out the words 'Hello USA call Vanderbilt 7200'. More than 47,000 people called the number. National Flossing Day (always the day after Thanksgiving) – Flossing is as essential to good oral hygiene as is brushing. www.flossing.org The National Flossing Council Native American Heritage Day (day after Thanksgiving) – This was designated by Congress in 2009. Black Friday (day after Thanksgiving) – This is the day when many people start their Christmas shopping. Many retailers only start turning a profit when holiday shopping starts. In other words they go from being in the red to being in the black, hence the term, “Black Friday.” Retailers will often have “door-buster” specials to lure shoppers into their stores. Needless to say, this is the largest shopping day of the year. Many economists will use today’s sales figures as a measure of how the economy is doing. Including today, there are 27 shopping days until Christmas. Buy Nothing Day (day after Thanksgiving) - This was created in 1992 to point out the problems associated with consumerism. www.buynothingday.org National Day of Listening (day after Thanksgiving) - While visiting family for the holiday ask older family members about their life. Better yet record the stories for future generations. http://nationaldayoflistening.org/ StoryCorps National Day of Listening Sink Day (day after Thanksgiving) You're Welcome Day (day after Thanksgiving)

358

Saturday, November 29
Day 333 32 Days Remaining (26 Shopping Days until Christmas) Small Business Saturday® (the Saturday after Thanksgiving) – A program started in 2010 by the Small Business Administration as “a day to celebrate and support small businesses and all they do for their communities.” The idea is to give small businesses a way to compete with major retailers and Black Friday. The U.S. Senate officially recognized Small Business Saturday® in a resolution (S. Res. 320, 112th Congress) in 2011. Shop Small® is an advertising slogan and graphic sponsored by the American Express Company. http://www.sba.gov/about-sba/sba_initiatives/small_business_saturday_2013 https://www.govtrack.us/congress/bills/112/sres320/text https://www.facebook.com/SmallBusinessSaturday https://www.americanexpress.com/us/small-business/Shop-Small/ https://shopsmallneighborhoods.americanexpress.com/ https://www.openforum.com/keywords/small-business-saturday/ http://www.nfib.com/small-business-saturday http://www.youtube.com/user/americanexpressOPEN http://smallbusiness.foxbusiness.com/entrepreneurs/2013/11/07/how-small-businessescan-benefit-from-small-business-saturday/ Pop-Tarts® Birthday – Pop-Tarts® were first sold on this day in 1963. www.poptarts.com Throw Out Your Leftovers Day Electronic Greetings Day – With the advent of email, there is no excuse not to send someone a holiday greeting. Get Rid of Clutter Day - You can't have everything in its place if there isn't a place for everything. https://sites.google.com/site/clutterersanonymous/Home?pli=1 Clutterers Anonymous Square Dance Day (also celebrated January 24) www.dosado.com

359

Sunday, November 30
Day 334 31 Days Remaining (25 Shopping Days until Christmas) Beginning of Advent – Advent starts the fourth Sunday before December 25 and ends at sundown on December 24.

Day of Friendship Computer Security Day – This day was created in 1988 to raise awareness of possible computer security issues. While this is the designated date, some groups celebrate it on the last workday in November or the next work day if the 30th is on the weekend. www.computersecurityday.org Association for Computer Security Day Perpetual Youth Day – Birthday of game-show host and television personality, Dick Clark (November 30, 1929 – April 18, 2012). He was the host of American Bandstand and later of New Year's Rockin' Eve. For many years he hardly seemed to age at all. http://dickclark.com Birthday of Oliver Winchester – Oliver Fisher Winchester (November 30, 1810 – December 11, 1880) was a manufacturer, rifle maker, and politician.

Week-Long Events in

NOVEMBER
National Primary Care Week (1 - 5) www.amsa.org American Medical Student Association World Communication Week (1 - 7) Homeless Week (first week)

360

This is listed on different dates in different places. It would be a good time to educate yourself on how many homeless people are in your town and what you can do to help. National Fig Week (first week) Figs are considered to be a fruit but actually are inverted flowers. www.californiafigs.com California Dried Figs Cat Week (first week) Radiologic Technology Week (week including the 8th) http://onlineradiologytechnicianschools.com/ Radiology Tech Schools Santa Dear Santa Letter Week (second week) Children should mail their letters to Santa by now so he will have plenty of time to deliver the items they want. Animal Shelter Appreciation Week (second week) www.aspca.org World Kindness Week (second week) International Fraud Awareness Week (second week) This was created by The Association of Certified Fraud Examiners. www.acfe.com Kid's Goal Setting Week (second full school week) Children should not only be taught the importance of setting goals, but the skills needed to achieve them as well. www.goalsguy.com/Events/k_qa.html The GoalsGuy® National Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week (week preceding the week of Thanksgiving ) – November 16-22, 2014 – Co-sponsored by the National Coalition for the Homeless and the National Student Campaign against Hunger and Homelessness. www.nationalhomeless.org/ National Coalition for the Homeless www.studentsagainsthunger.org/forms/hhp/national-hunger-and-homelessnessawareness-week National Student Campaign Against Hunger & Homelessness http://cce.wsu.edu/awareness-weeks/nhhaw/ Pursuit of Happiness Week (second full week) www.sohp.com The Secret Society of Happy People Shallow Persons Awareness Week (second full week) Drowsy Driving Prevention Week™ (second full week) http://drowsydriving.org

361

National Drug Facts Week (second full week) www.drugfactsweek.drugabuse.gov/ PeriOperative Nurse Week (second full week) This was previously called Operating Room Nurse Week. It is sponsored by the Association of periOperative Registered Nurses. www.aorn.org Home Care Aide Week (second full week) www.nahc.org National Association for Home Care and Hospice American Education Week (week before Thanksgiving) This was created in 1921 by the National Education Association. www.nea.org Geography Awareness Week (third week) This was designated in 1987 by President Ronald Reagan. www.mywonderfulworld.org http://education.nationalgeographic.com/education/collections/geographyawarenessweek/ ?ar_a=1 GERD Awareness Week (third full week) This was created by the International Foundation for Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders. GERD stands for gastroesophageal reflux disease. It is also known as peptic esophagitis and chronic heartburn. www.aboutgerd.org Game and Puzzle Week (third full week) Better Conversation Week (third full week) www.conversationmatters.com National Family Week (week of Thanksgiving) This is sponsored by the Alliance for Children and Families. http://alliance1.org National Adoption Week (week of Thanksgiving) This was designated by President Gerald Ford in 1976. Church/State Separation Week (Tuesday to Saturday of Thanksgiving week) www.au.org Americans United National Bible Week (Sunday to Sunday of Thanksgiving week) This was created by in 1941 the National Bible Association. www.nationalbible.org

362

Tie One On for Safety (Thanksgiving to December 31) This was formerly called the Red Ribbon Campaign. www.madd.org Mothers Against Drunk Driving Travelers with Disabilities Week (last week) http://enabledtraveler.com

Month-Long Events in

NOVEMBER
Art Every Day Month – Started by Leah Piken Kolidas over ten years ago. She has several resources available on her website to aid in being creative every day. http://creativeeveryday.com/art-every-day-month Family Reunion Month – Regardless of when your family reunion takes place (most take place in the Summer), extensive planning is essential to success. www.Family-Reunion.com Mister Spiffy’s Reunion Planner Family Stories Month – When the family is together for the holidays, it is the best time to get the family stories, especially from the senior generation. Write them down, along with any photographs that are available. Better yet, record them on video. This may be the only contact the coming generation will have with the senior generation in your family. Life Writing Month – Your personal life may not seem interesting or important to anyone else, but your future generations will want to know all about it. Write your own biography. It doesn’t have to be a literary masterpiece. Adoption Awareness Month Celebrate Empty-Nester Month – This was designated by Pillsbury. They offer information about cooking, shopping and meal planning for when there is just two. www.pillsbury.com/recipes/cooking-for-two Pillsbury www.emptynestmag.com Empty Nest Magazine www.emptynestsupport.com http://foryourmarriage.org/help-for-empty-nesters/ http://crr.bc.edu/briefs/do-parents-live-it-up-when-children-fly-the-coop/ Cozy Cuddles for Kids™ Month – This group makes hats, mittens, quilts, etc and donates them to needy children.

363

Ice Skating Month – Either on an indoor skating rink or it could be cold enough in some parts of the country to skate outdoors on a pond. Model Railroad Month – This is great fun for all ages. www.nmra.org The National Model Railroad Association www.modelrailroader.com Model Railroader Magazine Music Month – “Music can change the world because it can change people.” – Bono Drum (Percussion) Month – A drum can be almost any thing you can tap on. Play on! Sleep Comfort Month www.bettersleep.org The Better Sleep Council Aviation History Month – There is nothing like watching a live air show. www.aviation-history.com The Aviation History Online Museum Inspirational Role Models Month – If possible, thank the people in your life that have served as good role models. Military Family Appreciation Month www.militaryfamily.org National Military Family Association Native American Heritage Month – This was designated by President George Bush in 1990. http://nativeamericanheritagemonth.gov Fun With Fondue Month – Fondue is fun. Even the name is fun to say. www.gofondue.com Georgia Pecan Month – Pecans are loaded with antioxidants. www.georgiapecans.org Georgia Pecan Commission Peanut Butter Lovers Month – If you’re not allergic to peanuts, they can be an excellent source of cheap protein. Two tablespoons of peanut butter contains 8 grams of protein and 2 grams of fiber. http://peanutbutterlovers.com http://peanut-butter.org Pomegranate Month – Many scholars believe that the forbidden fruit which Eve ate in the Garden of Eden was actually a pomegranate (the Bible does not name the fruit). http://pomegranates.org Pomegranate Council Diabetic Eye Disease Month – Diabetes can cause permanent loss of eyesight. Get tested today. www.diabetes.org American Diabetes Association

364

Flu and Pneumonia Immunization Campaign - If you are over 60 or have health problems you should be immunized no later than November. www.ahip.org/HumanaFluandPneumonia/ Alcohol Education Month http://life.familyeducation.com/drugs-and-alcohol/communication/51061.html Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month – Offer to sit with someone so their caregiver can have a break for a few hours. Make a photo album of family members for someone with Alzheimer’s to help them keep their memory longer. www.alz.org Alzheimer’s Association COPD Awareness Month - This was designated by President George W. Bush in 2001. COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) is an umbrella term used to describe progressive lung diseases including emphysema, chronic bronchitis, refractory (nonreversible) asthma, and some forms of bronchiectasis. www.copdfoundation.org COPD Foundation American Diabetes Month – Diabetes is treatable and can be controlled. www.diabetes.org American Diabetes Association National Epilepsy Awareness Month – This was started in 1969 by the Epilepsy Foundation and endorsed by congress in 2002. www.epilepsyfoundation.org National Family Caregivers Month – If you know someone who is caring for an ill family member please offer to help - even if just for an hour now and then. If you don't feel you could take over caregiving for even a short time, you can still offer to run errands. http://caregiveraction.org Caregiver Action Network National Healthy Skin Month www.aad.org American Academy of Dermatology www.mayoclinic.com/health/skin-care/SN00003 Five Tips for Healthy Skin Home Care Month – Many sources say that the best care can be provided at home, but there are many challenges that come with it. Learn all you can before attempting to provide home care for a loved one. www.nahc.org National Association for Home Care and Hospice www.nhpco.org National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization National Hospice and Palliative Care Month www.nahc.org National Association for Home Care and Hospice

365

Impotency Awareness Month – Impotency is a common problem with men, and is nothing to be embarrassed about. There are treatments available. www.medicinenet.com/impotence/symptoms.htm Lung Cancer Awareness Month www.lungcanceralliance.org Lung Cancer Alliance Marrow Donor Awareness Month http://marrow.org National Marrow Donor Program Orphan Disease Month www.rarediseases.org National Organization for Rare Disorders Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month www.pancan.org Pancreatic Cancer Action Network National Prematurity Awareness Month www.marchofdimes.com/mission/prematurity.html March of Dimes® www.cdc.gov/Features/PrematureBirth/ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention www.lung.org/about-us/our-impact/top-stories/november-is-national.html American Lung Association www.facebook.com/WorldPrematurityDay Pulmonary Hypertension Awareness Month www.phassociation.org Pulmonary Hypertension Association TMJ Awareness Month – Temporomandibular Disorders (TMJD), commonly called TMJ, are a complex and often misunderstood set of conditions characterized by pain in the jaw joint and surrounding tissues and limitation in jaw movements. www.tmj.org The TMJ Association, Ltd.

366

~ December 2014 ~
Sun 1 Mon 2 Tue 3 Wed 4 Thu 5 Fri 6 Sat

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25 Christmas

26

27

28

29

30

31

Notes:

367

Flower - Holly (signifies celebration and prosperity) Alternate Flowers - Poinsettia, Narcissus Birthstone - Blue Topaz (signifies success and prosperity) Alternate Birthstones - Turquoise, Zircon Name Origin - December is Latin for tenth (it was originally the tenth month)

Monday, December 1
Day 335 30 Days Remaining (24 Shopping Days until Christmas) Christmas Lights Day – Find some inspiration at the Holdman House. www.holdman.com

Most people will purchase their live Christmas tree, or dig out their artificial tree, early in the month so they can enjoy it throughout the holiday season. A great promotion for a business is to have a custom Christmas ornament made to give to employees and/or customers. Create a new ornament for each year and make it an annual tradition for more impact. Distributing a custom ornament can be a good way to promote the company’s values, such as the support of the family, humanitarian interests, the company’s origin or history, etc. During the season of peace on earth and goodwill toward men, a Christmas ornament promotion can create some goodwill for the sponsoring business, which makes this a great promotional idea!

Dr. Pepper’s Birthday – The soft drink, Dr. Pepper, was invented by pharmacist Charles Alderton and first served in 1885.

368

Eat a Red Apple Day – As the old saying goes “an apple a day keeps the doctor away.” There is more truth to that statement than not. Apples contain modest amounts of nearly all the most important nutrients and because of their universal flavor appeal, versatility and convenience for use, nutritionists and dietitians rate them high on any list for eating right and staying fit. They are good for your teeth, your stomach, your skin and complexion, your nerves, your smile and overall good health. www.applejournal.com www.goodfruit.com http://fruitgrowersnews.com www.growingproduce.com www.usapple.org www.waga.org Wisconsin Apple Growers Association www.newenglandapples.org New England Apple Growers Association www.virginiaapples.org Virginia Apples www.nyapplecountry.com New York Apple Association www.bestapples.com Washington State Apple Commission www.ncapplegrowers.com North Carolina Apple Growers Association http://blueridgeapplegrowers.com Blue Ridge Apple Growers Association www.massfruitgrowers.org Massachusetts Fruit Growers Association www.vermontapples.org Vermont Tree Fruit Growers Association Rosa Parks Day – On this day in 1955, Rosa Louise Parks (February 4, 1913 – October 24, 2005) was arrested for civil disobedience, for refusing to give up her seat in the “colored” section to a white passenger when the “white” section was full on a bus in Montgomery, Alabama. The U.S. Congress called her “the first lady of civil rights,” and the “mother of the freedom movement.” When she died in 2005, she was the first woman and second non-U.S. government official to lie in honor at the U.S. Capitol Rotunda. www.thehenryford.org/exhibits/rosaparks/story.asp www.rosaparksfacts.com www.rosaparks.org Rosa & Raymond Parks Institute for Self Development National Weather Service Anniversary – Originally called the Weather Bureau, the National Weather Service was established in 1870. http://weather.gov The Civil Air Patrol Anniversary – The Civil Air Patrol is an official auxiliary of the U.S. Air Force. It is a volunteer, non-profit organization. It was started in 1941. The main services they perform are emergency services, search and rescue, disaster relief, aerospace education, and introducing prospective youth to piloting. www.gocivilairpatrol.com World AIDS Day www.worldaidsday.org www.worldaidscampaign.org

369

Cyber Monday (Monday after Thanksgiving) – Shop online today for all those things you couldn't find at the stores on Black Friday.

Tuesday, December 2
Day 336 29 Days Remaining (23 Shopping Days until Christmas) National Fritter Day Coats for Kids Day – This is listed under many different dates. Most likely because many individual groups sponsor similar programs when the weather starts to get colder to gather winter coats for kids. www.coats-for-kids.org Coats for Kids Foundation Play Basketball Day – The first basketball game was played on this day in 1891, with a soccer ball and peach baskets nailed on the walls for baskets. It was created by Dr. James Naismith (November 6, 1861 – November 28, 1939), who was at the time athletic director of the YMCA in Springfield, Massachusetts. The game was created because the cold winters kept everyone indoors. Special Education Day - This is the anniversary of the signing of the first special education law by President Gerald Ford in 1975. www.specialeducationday.com

Wednesday, December 3
Day 337 28 Days Remaining (22 Shopping Days until Christmas) Let's Hug Day – Hugging can be therapeutic and beneficial. http://eqi.org/ht.htm Hug Therapy Make a Gift Day – Homemade gifts can be the best kind, because they are made with love.

370

International Day of Persons with Disabilities – This day was designated by the United Nations in 1992. www.un.org/disabilities/default.asp?id=1597 www.who.int/mediacentre/events/annual/day_disabilities/en/index.html First Successful Heart Transplant Anniversary – The first successful human-to-human heart transplant was performed by Dr. Christiaan Barnard (November 8, 1922 – September 2, 2001) on this day in 1967 in Cape Town, South Africa. The patient died eighteen days later of pneumonia most likely caused by immunosuppressive drugs but the surgery was still considered a success because the heart was not rejected. www.mytransplantlife.com Illinois Admission Day - Illinois became the 21th state in 1818. www.illinoishistory.gov www.illinois.gov/about/Pages/HistoryAndCulture.aspx

Thursday, December 4
Day 338 27 Days Remaining (21 Shopping Days until Christmas) Santa’s List Day – He’s making a list and checking it twice, gonna see who’s naughty or nice. Cookie Day – Holiday cookies are the best kind! Ribbons and Wrap Day – Stock up and get ready to wrap. Dice Day – Dice have been discoverd by archaeologists dating before 2000 BC. Dice were invented independently by many different civilizations. Dice were mostly used for games but a few civilizations believed that the gods controlled how the dice landed, so they were used to make important decisions. Extraordinary Work Team Recognition Day - This was created in 2000 by QPC, Inc. It is a day to recognize teams that “consistently work extraordinarily well together to produce significant results for their companies or organizations.” www.extraordinaryteam.com www.inc.com/geoffrey-james/7-habits-of-extraordinary-teams.html Wear Brown Shoes Day – Don’t ask why because I don’t know.

371

Friday, December 5
Day 339 26 Days Remaining (20 Shopping Days until Christmas) National Tinsel Day – Use caution with tinsel. It’s not safe with certain pets around, especially cats. Blue Jeans Day – These iconic pants are the quintessential casual attire. Possible morale and productivity booster: Allow employees to wear blue jeans to work today. If their performance is increased as a result of being permitted to wear their blue jeans today, then maybe they can wear them every Friday (Casual Friday). Communicate With Your Baby Day – Just because babies cannot talk does not mean they cannot communicate. Yes, they cry when they want or need something. Remember, babies express emotions more than thoughts. Most facial expressions are not learned, so pay close attention. Watch their hand movements as well as the sounds they make. Look directly at them when you talk. It’s a wonderful thing to laugh with a baby. National Sachertorte Day – Sachertorte is a specific type of chocolate cake, or torte, invented by Austrian Franz Sacher in 1832 for Prince Wenzel von Metternich in Vienna, Austria. The recipe was later perfected by Sacher’s son, Eduard, and served at the Hotel Sacher (established by Eduard in 1876). It remains as one of the most famous Viennese culinary specialties today. www.sacher.com/en-original-sacher-tart.htm International Volunteer Day – This was designated in 1985 by the United Nations to recognize the value of volunteers to society. www.un.org/en/events/volunteerday/ www.volunteeractioncounts.org/en/ www.unv.org/what-we-do/intl-volunteer-day.html www.worldvolunteerweb.org Birthday of Walt Disney – Walter Elias Disney (December 5, 1901 – December 15, 1966) founded the Walt Disney Co. in 1923. “If you can dream it, you can do it.” –Walt Disney. http://disney.com

372

Saturday, December 6
Day 340 25 Days Remaining (19 Shopping Days until Christmas) Moon before Yule (Full Moon) – The “Full Moon” phase of the Moon is when it is entirely outside of the Earth’s shadow from the Sun. On a clear night, the full moon can give enough light to make it possible to read a newspaper. A full moon can be used to promote a “Moonlight Madness” sale or other nighttime promotion. The full moon in December is called the “Moon before Yule.” The full moon will occur at 6:27AM CST, 12:27 UTC. Take Your Child to a Bookstore Day (first Saturday) – The fifth annual Take Your Child to a Bookstore Day — supporting the vital role of bookstores in our communities — will be held on December 6, 2014. Over 500 bookstores are slated to participate this year. This holiday was started by Jenny Milchman: “Take Your Child to a Bookstore Day began when my children were little and I was going to story time at bookstores nearly every week. Did all children know the pleasure of spending time in a bookstore? I wondered. Of being drawn into a magic world for a while, then being left to choose treasures on the shelf? I wanted to begin a holiday that would expose as many kids as possible to this joy.” http://www.takeyourchildtoabookstore.org Give a Secret Gift Day – Giving a gift in secret accomplishes two things. It is truly a surprise to the recipient, and they are not bound or forced to reciprocate. It is the ultimate act of selflessness. “A gift in secret pacifieth anger…” –Proverbs 21:14 Saint Nicholas Day – Saint Nicholas died on this day in 346AD. He was known for secret gift giving. One of the legends about Saint Nicholas gave rise to the tradition of hanging stockings over the fireplace on Christmas eve. Microwave Oven Day – Tappan introduced the first microwave oven for home use in 1955, but these units were still too large and expensive for most families. A countertop version was first introduced in 1967 by the Amana Corporation, which was acquired in 1965 by Raytheon. By the mid-1980s, microwave ovens were in general use. National Gazpacho Day – Gazpacho is a tomato-based vegetable soup, traditionally served cold. It originated in the southern Spanish region of Andalucía.

373

Mitten Tree Day – The exact origin of this practice is unknown, but it’s a good thing to do none the less. One possible origin is a book, The Mitten Tree, written by Candace Christiansen. Set up a tree (or a mitten tree stand designed for this purpose) in the office, business or school. People donate mittens by placing them on the tree. You can also accept gloves, hats, coats and other winter clothing. Before Christmas, the items are removed from the tree and donated to those in need. National Bad Hair Day – This is the one day of the year you can celebrate your bad hair. Pawnbrokers Day – On this day pawnbrokers all across America donate musical instruments to Boys & Girls Clubs of America. www.nationalpawnbrokers.org National Pawnbrokers Association www.bgca.org Boys & Girls Clubs of America

Sunday, December 7
Day 341 24 Days Remaining (18 Shopping Days until Christmas) Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day – On this day in 1941 the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, which brought the U.S. into WWII. President Franklin Roosevelt said that this day was “a date which will live in infamy.” It is tradition to fly the American flag at halfstaff until sunset, in honor of more than 2,400 Americans that died from the attack. www.pearlharboroahu.com Pearl Harbor Memorial www.nps.gov/valr/ USS Arizona Memorial www.pearlharbor.org Hang a Wreath Day Letter Writing Day – It takes more time to write an actual letter than it does to sign a card or send an email. That is why it is so special. National Cotton Candy Day – Cotton candy is made by drawing sugar into long delicate fibers that resemble fluffy cotton. The first recorded appearance of this fluffy delight was in the 16th century. Spun sugar was an expensive, labor-intensive endeavor and was only affordable to the wealthy. Ironically, machine-spun cotton candy was invented in 1897 by a dentist. William Morrison and confectioner John C. Wharton first introduced “Fairy Floss” at the 1904 World’s Fair in St. Louis, Missouri. They sold 68,655 boxes at the then-high price of 25¢ per box, half the cost of admission to the fair (equivalent to $6 today). Joseph Lascaux, another dentist, invented a similar cotton candy machine in 374

1921. His patent named the sweet confection “cotton candy” and the “fairy floss” name melted away, much like the product does in one’s mouth. www.cottoncandy.net National Fire Safety Day – The National Fire Safety Council, Inc. was founded on this day in 1979. http://nfsc.org National Fire Safety Council, Inc. Christmas Seals® Day – The first Christmas Seals® were sold on this day in the U.S. in 1907. Christmas Seals® are used to raise funds and awareness for the American Lung Association®. www.christmasseals.org Civil Aviation Day – This was established in 1994 by the International Civil Aviation Organization. www.icao.int Delaware Admission Day – Delaware became the first state in 1787. http://portal.delaware.gov/facts/history/delhist.shtml www.hsd.org Delaware Historical Society www.delawareliving.com/history.html

Monday, December 8
Day 342 23 Days Remaining (17 Shopping Days until Christmas) National Brownie Day Winter Flowers Day – There are many different varieties of flowers you can grow inside to have blooms in the winter. For example: African violets, amaryllis, begonias, calla lily, Christmas cactus, primrose, kalanchoe, orchid, and, of course, poinsettia. Birthday of Eli Whitney – Eli Whitney (December 8, 1765 – January 8, 1825) is best known for inventing the cotton gin, which played a big part in the industrial revolution. www.eliwhitney.org Eli Whitney Museum and Workshop Anniversary of John Lennon's murder – On this day in 1980 one of the Beatles (a rock band), John Lennon, was shot by deranged fan Mark David Chapman. www.johnlennon.com

375

Tuesday, December 9
Day 343 22 Days Remaining (16 Shopping Days until Christmas) Homemade Gift Day – The extra time and effort it takes to make a gift rather than simply buying one is what makes it so special. Mail Your Cards Day – The volume of mail handled by the postal service is highest during this time of year. Make this day the deadline for getting those cards in the mail, if you want them to arrive before Christmas. www.usps.com National Pastry Day http://baking911.com/learn/baked-goods/pastry Ball-bearing Roller Skates Day – Ball-bearing roller skates were patented on this day in 1884.

Wednesday, December 10
Day 344 21 Days Remaining (15 Shopping Days until Christmas) Dewey Decimal Day – Birthday of Melvil Dewey (December 10, 1851 – December 26, 1931), librarian and founder of the Dewey Decimal system. www.oclc.org/dewey/resources/biography/ Birthday of Emily Dickinson – Emily Dickinson (December 10, 1830 – May 15, 1886) was an American poet. Less than a dozen of her poems were ever published during her lifetime. It wasn’t until after her death that the bulk of her nearly eighteen hundred poems were discovered by her younger sister, Lavinia. www.emilydickinsonmuseum.org Emily Dickinson Museum www.poets.org/edick/ Nobel Prize Awards Day – The first Nobel Prize was awarded in 1901. 376

www.nobelprize.org Human Rights Day – Anniversary of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948. www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml Women’s Rights in Wyoming Day – On this day in 1869, the Wyoming Territory decided to allow women to vote and hold office. http://theautry.org/explore/exhibits/suffrage/suffrage_wy.html Mississippi Admission Day - Mississippi became the 20th state in 1817. www.history.com/topics/mississippi http://mdah.state.ms.us/timeline/ http://mshistorynow.mdah.state.ms.us/ www.mshistory.net Foundation for Mississippi History

Thursday, December 11
Day 345 20 Days Remaining (14 Shopping Days until Christmas) Hi Neighbor Day – Don’t get so busy during the holidays that you can’t say “Hi” to your neighbors. National Noodle Ring Day National Knitters Day International Mountain Day – This was designated by the United Nations in 2003. The purpose is to recognize the importance of mountains to life. www.un.org/en/events/mountainday/ UNICEF Anniversary – Established in 1946, the United Nations Children's Fund was originally called the United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund and that is where the acronym UNICEF comes from. www.unicef.org Indiana Admission Day - Indiana became the 19th state in 1816. www.indianahistory.org Indiana Historical Society www.history.com/topics/indiana www.indiana.edu/~imaghist/ Indiana Magazine of History

377

Friday, December 12
Day 346 19 Days Remaining (13 Shopping Days until Christmas) Gingerbread House Day (also celebrated November 10) – This could also be called “Eat Yourself Out of House and Home Day.” Ding-a-Ling Day National Poinsettia Day - This was designated by Congress in memory of Joel Roberts Poinsett who introduced the Mexican plant to the U.S. www.poinsettiaday.com Golf Tee Day – A golf tee similar to what is used today was patented on this day in 1899 in the U.S. by dentist George Franklin Grant. www.golf.com Pennsylvania Admission Day – Pennsylvania became the second state in 1787. www.explorepahistory.com www.pa-history.org Pennsylvania Historical Association http://hsp.org Historical Society of Pennsylvania www.ushistory.org/pennsylvania/

Saturday, December 13
Day 347 18 Days Remaining (12 Shopping Days until Christmas) Geminids Meteor Shower – Considered by many to be the best meteor shower in the heavens, the Geminids are known for producing up to 120 multicolored meteors per hour at their peak. The shower is produced by debris left behind by an asteroid known as 3200 Phaethon, which was discovered in 1982. The shower runs annually from December 717. It peaks this year on the night of the 13th and morning of the 14th. The waning gibbous moon will block out some of the meteors this year, but the Geminids are so 378

bright and numerous that it should still be a good show. Meteors will radiate from the constellation Gemini, but can appear anywhere in the sky. Best viewing is usually to the east after midnight from a dark location away from city lights. National Cocoa Day – We can thank the Aztecs for this delightful drink. Day of the Horse – This was designated in 2004 by the Senate. http://ultimatehorsesite.com The Ultimate Horse Site Saint Lucy’s Day – Saint Lucy represents the promise of light in the midst of the darkness of winter. This is also known as Little Yule. Violin Day www.violinonline.com Bicycle Built for Two Day – It’s a little too cold this time of year in most parts of the country to be taking a date on a bicycle. Clip-On Tie Day – To the great relief of the knot-challenged, the clip-on tie was invented on this day in 1928. International Shareware Day (second Saturday) - Shareware is proprietary software that is provided to users without payment on a trial basis. It is not freeware. If the user wants to continue using the software, they are expected to pay for it. http://download.com

Sunday, December 14
Day 348 17 Days Remaining (11 Shopping Days until Christmas) Buy a Tree Day – Take a stroll through a Christmas Tree lot to get into the holiday mood. www.livingchristmastrees.com Deck the Halls Day – Take advantage of today being a Saturday to finish your Christmas decorating. www.hgtv.com/decorating-basics/our-favorite-christmas-decoratingideas/pictures/index.html Email Tag Day

379

Opposites Attract Day www.drphil.com/articles/article/355 Dr. Phil National Bouillabaisse Day – Bouillabaisse is a traditional Provençal fish stew originating from the port city of Marseille. www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/bouillabaisse/ Birthday of Shirley Jackson – Author, Shirley Jackson (December 14, 1916 – August 8, 1965), is perhaps best known for her short story, The Lottery. http://shirleyjackson.org www.shirleyjacksonawards.org American Revolution Anniversary – The first military operation of the American Revolution took place at Portsmouth, New Hampshire on this day in 1774. www.americanrevolutionarywar.net www.ushistory.org/declaration/revwartimeline.htm South Pole Day – The first successful expedition to reach the geographic south pole was on this day in 1911. The leader of the group was Norwegian Roald Amundsen. Alabama Day - Alabama became the 22nd state on December 14,1819. www.archives.state.al.us/aha/aha.html Alabama Historical Association www.archives.alabama.gov/ Alabama Department of Archives and History www.history.com/topics/alabama National Children's Memorial Day (second Sunday) http://ncmd.tripod.com http://angelmoms.com/ncmd/candles.html www.compassionatefriends.org Compassionate Friends www.missfoundation.org/newsevents/events/ncmd2012 MISS Foundation

Monday, December 15
Day 349 16 Days Remaining (10 Shopping Days until Christmas) National Lemon Cupcake Day Sleep Comfort Day www.bettersleep.org Better Sleep Council

380

Bill of Rights Day - The Bill of Rights was ratified on this day in 1791. The Bill of Rights sets limits on the powers of the Federal government and protects our personal liberties.

Tuesday, December 16
Day 350 15 Days Remaining (9 Shopping Days until Christmas) National Chocolate-Covered Anything Day Birthday of Beethoven – Ludwig van Beethoven (December 16, 1770 – March 26, 1827) was only seven years old when he first performed in public (March 1778). www.lvbeethoven.com Boston Tea Party – On this day in 1773, Boston colonists boarded three ships and threw the cargo of tea into Boston Harbor to protest the taxes on tea.

Wednesday, December 17
Day 351 14 Days Remaining (8 Shopping Days until Christmas) Chanukah (Hanukkah) – A major Jewish holiday, Chanukah, the Jewish festival of rededication, is also known as the Festival of Lights. Chanukah begins at sundown tonight and continues until sundown on December 24. http://www.hebcal.com/holidays/2014-2015 Cookie Cutter Day Maple Syrup Day Color TV Anniversary - On this day in 1953 the first television programs in color were broadcast. To let people know how good color TV was some stations send out plastic

381

overlays of colored pictures. At a certain time each day they would put a black and white picture on the screen and you would put the plastic on the screen to see how much better it looked in color. Wright Brothers' First Flight Anniversary - On this day in Kitty Hawk, North Carolina in 1903, the Wright brothers attained the first powered, piloted flight in history. It lasted twelve seconds.

Thursday, December 18
Day 352 13 Days Remaining (7 Shopping Days until Christmas) Cookie Baking Day Find a Friend, Be a Friend Day - Go out of your way to get to know your neighbors and acquaintances better. You never know which might be your new best friend. But don't forget your old friends. If you know someone who needs a hand or a listening ear take time for them as well. Nutcracker Ballet Anniversary - The Nutcracker was first performed in 1892 in Russia. Hug a Soccer Player Day Play Bingo Day – The game Bingo was invented in 1929. National Roast Suckling Pig Day New Jersey Admission Day - New Jersey became the third state on this day in 1787. http://www.nj.gov/nj/about/history/ http://www.jerseyhistory.org http://www.history.com/topics/new-jersey http://njhistoryadvocates.org

Friday, December 19
382

Day 353 12 Days Remaining (6 Shopping Days until Christmas) Build a Snowman Day Chocolate Pizza Day Oatmeal Muffin Day A Christmas Carol Anniversary - Charles Dickens’ book, A Christmas Carol, was published on this day in 1843. Underdog Day (third Friday) - This was created in 1976 to celebrate unsung heroes such as Sherlock Holmes' Dr. Watson or Robinson Crusoe's Man Friday.

Saturday, December 20
Day 354 11 Days Remaining (5 Shopping Days until Christmas) Go Caroling Day - Get together with friends, family or a church group to go caroling. Nursing homes, children's homes and other places often welcome carolers if you call ahead. You can also just carol around your neighborhood. Dot Your I's With Smileys Day Games Day - When it is cold outside it is a good time to play board games or card games with friends and family. Sacagawea Day - Sacagawea was a Native American woman who acted as a guide and interpreter for the Lewis and Clark Expedition from 1805-06. She died on this day in 1812 at the age of twenty-four (born in 1788 in Salmon, Idaho).

Sunday, December 21
Day 355 10 Days Remaining 383

(4 Shopping Days until Christmas) New Moon – The “New Moon” phase of the moon is when the moon is fully hidden in the earth’s shadow from the sun. A clear night during a new moon is a prime opportunity for stargazing. The new moon will occur at 7:36PM CST (December 22, 2014, 01:36 UTC).

Crossword Puzzle Anniversary - The first crossword puzzle was published in a newspaper on this day in 1913. It was created by Arthur Wynne. Here is the actual crossword puzzle he created: http://thinks.com/crosswords/first1.htm Look on the Bright Side Day - This is the day with the least amount of daylight so make your own brightness by counting your blessings. Flashlight Day - Test the batteries in all your flashlights, including the one in your car. Forefathers Day - The Pilgrims landed at Plymouth, Massachusetts on this day in 1620. Snow White Anniversary – The animated film, Snow White, premiered on this day in 1937. Winter Solstice - This is the shortest day of the year and marks the first day of winter. It is always between the 20th and 22nd. The South Pole of the earth will be tilted toward the Sun, which will have reached its southernmost position in the sky and will be directly over the Tropic of Capricorn at 23.44 degrees south latitude. This is the first day of 384

winter (winter solstice) in the northern hemisphere and the first day of summer (summer solstice) in the southern hemisphere. Winter Begins California Kiwifruit Day (first day of winter) www.kiwifruit.org California Kiwifruit Commission

Monday, December 22
Day 356 9 Days Remaining (3 Shopping Days until Christmas) Christmas Tree Light Day - Thomas Edison is said to have created the first string of Christmas lights when he used them to decorate his lab in 1880. His friend, Edward H. Johnson created a string of lights to use on his Christmas tree in 1882. Still, it was many years later before electric lights on Christmas trees became common. National Date Nut Bread Day National Haiku Poetry Day Abilities Day - This day honors disabled people and their caregivers. It is also a time to recognize that we all have abilities and disabilities of some sort. U.S. Golf Association Anniversary – The U.S. Golf Association was founded in 1894. www.Golf.com Thermometer Birthday - Gabriel Fahrenheit invented the first practical thermometer in 1714. He introduced the Fahrenheit scale in 1724. Using his thermometer, he marked the highest and lowest temperature readings. The lowest temperature he marked became “0” degrees, and the highest temperature he marked became “100” degrees. This became the Fahrenheit temperature scale, which is still used in many parts of the world today. Incidentally, the Celsius temperature scale, named after Swedish Astronomer Anders Celsius (1701-1744), is based on the freezing point (0 degrees Celsius) and the boiling point (100 degrees Celsius) of water at mean sea level. In 1954, the Celsius scale was calibrated to the Kelvin scale.

385

Tuesday, December 23
Day 357 8 Days Remaining (2 Shopping Days until Christmas) Festivus - This was created in 1966 but little-known until mentioned in a Seinfeld episode in 1997. “It’s a festivus for the rest of us.” It is dedicated to celebrating without the pressure and commercialism of traditional holidays. http://www.religioustolerance.org/festivus.htm National Popcorn Popping Day – Try making popcorn in a pan instead of the microwave. Using the fireplace would be even better. And use real butter. www.popcorn.org Popcorn Board Roots Day - When you visit relatives over the holidays, it would be a good time to gather information about your family history. There may even be some family heirlooms you can see. Take photographs and record video interviews with the oldest family members. They are a treasure trove of information. HumanLight Celebration - This holiday celebrates the vision of a future with people working together “toward a happy, just and peaceful world.” http://HumanLight.org Economists Day Federal Reserve System Anniversary - The Federal Reserve System was established in 1913.

Wednesday, December 24
Day 358 7 Days Remaining (1 Shopping Days until Christmas) Christmas Eve

386

Silent Night Anniversary - On this day in 1818 teacher and musician Franz Gruber created a melody and guitar accompaniment for a poem that had been written by his friend Father Joseph Mohr. Silent Night was the end result. Eggnog Day - Homemade eggnog tastes so much better than what is sold in stores. Last Minute Shopper's Day - If you wait until today to do your shopping there is a very good chance that what you buy will end up being returned. So maybe you should just give a gift card. Phonograph Patent Day - A patent for the phonography was filed by Thomas Edison on this day in 1877. Apollo 8 Moon Orbit Anniversary - On this day in 1968 Apollo 8 reached the moon and orbited it ten times over twenty hours. This was the first time humans left the earth's orbit. The three astronauts aboard were the first people to directly view the far side of the moon.

Thursday, December 25
Day 359 6 Days Remaining Christmas – Originally called the “Christ Mass,” it was a special mass held by the Catholic Church to commemorate the birth of Jesus Christ as a human being. One of the names given to him is Immanuel, which means, “God with us.” He was born of a woman named Mary, without a human father (she was a virgin). This was made possible by what is referred to as the immaculate conception. Mary was espoused to a man named Joseph. When it was discovered that Mary was pregnant, Joseph knew the child was not his because they had not consummated their marriage. Therefore, he suspected infidelity on her part. Joseph considered divorcing her, but an angel spoke to him in a dream: “But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.” (The Holy Bible, Matthew 1:20). Christmas Parade Day – (Also known as Walt Disney World Christmas Day Parade and the Disney Parks Christmas Day Parade.) This is a televised event that airs on Christmas Day on the ABC network, taped primarily inside the Magic Kingdom theme park at Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida. The first live telecast of the Christmas Parade was on this day in 1983. http://disneyparks.disney.go.com/blog/tag/christmas-day-parade/

387

Nativity Scene Anniversary – In 1223, Saint Francis of Assisi assembled the first known nativity scene. Pumpkin Pie Day – Also celebrated November 21. Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Birthday – On this day in 1939, the retailer Montgomery Ward introduced Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer as a character in a book by the same title. The story was written as a poem by Robert L. May. In the first year, 2.5 million copies of the book were distributed as a store promotion. Richard Starkey Day – On Christmas morning in 1959, Richard Starkey received his first drum set as a Christmas gift. He went on to become Ringo Starr, drummer for the legendary rock band the Beatles. Many consider him to be one of the most famous drummers of all time. www.ringostarr.com Sir Isaac Newton Day – Birthday of the physicist, mathematician and astronomer (December 25, 1642 – March 20, 1727). www.newton.ac.uk/newtlife.html www.bbc.co.uk/history/historic_figures/newton_isaac.shtml

Friday, December 26
Day 360 5 Days Remaining Kwanzaa - Kwanzaa was created in 1966 to honor African heritage. It starts today and goes through January 1. http://www.officialkwanzaawebsite.org Boxing Day – This is celebrated in many mostly English speaking countries. It has nothing to do with the sport of boxing (pugilism), but rather started as a tradition when employers would give boxed gifts (called “Christmas boxes”) to their employees on the day after Christmas. Today, it is often observed as a day of giving to the needy and to service people. In South Africa, Boxing Day was renamed to Day of Goodwill in 1994. In Ireland, the day is known as St. Stephen’s Day or the Day of the Wren. In many European countries, including notably Germany, Poland, Scandinavia and the Netherlands, this day is celebrated as the Second Christmas Day. In Canada, Boxing Day is a federal public holiday. In Ontario, Boxing Day is a statutory holiday where all fulltime employees receive time off with pay.

388

Candy Cane Day - Today you can start eating all those candy canes you have been using for decoration. Percolator Anniversary – On this day in 1865, James Mason or Massachusetts was awarded the first U.S. patent for a coffee percolator. A percolator is not a very good way to make coffee, as it heats it to boiling temperature (not good). This is what makes it “perk.” Recyclable Packaging Day - Gather up all the paper, cardboard, and other recyclables left from your holiday celebrations and take it for recycling. National Whiners Day – This is a day we can do without.

Saturday, December 27
Day 361 4 Days Remaining National Fruitcake Day – Eat it if you like it, throw it out if you don’t. Make Paper Snowflakes Day - This is a great activity for children getting bored during Christmas break. Visit the Zoo Day - Many zoos have discounted tickets during cold weather. www.aza.org Association of Zoos and Aquariums

Sunday, December 28
Day 362 3 Days Remaining Call a Friend Day - If there is a friend you didn't happen to see during the holidays, today would be a good time to give them a call. National Card Playing Day - Learn some new card games or play your old favorites. Chewing Gum Day - Chewing gum was around for many years in various forms but was first patented on this day in 1869 by William Finley Semple. 389

Eat Vegetarian Day – Even if you are not fond of vegetables, you can refrain from eating meat for one day. Return-Your-Gifts Day - By now the lines of people returning gifts should be a little shorter. If you don't return your gifts now it is probable they will be pushed aside and forgotten. Pledge of Allegiance Day - In 1892 a Boston magazine published some words written by Francis Bellamy for students to repeat on October 12 (Columbus Day) that year. Those words, “I pledge allegiance to my Flag and the Republic for which it stands - one nation indivisible - with liberty and justice for all” soon became known as the Pledge of Allegiance. In 1923, the words “the Flag of the United States” replaced “my flag.” On this day in 1945 Congress officially recognized the Pledge of Allegiance. In 1954 the words “under God” were added. Anniversary Of Poor Richard's Almanac Iowa Admission Day - Iowa became the 29th state in 1846. www.iowa.gov Birthday of President Woodrow Wilson (born in 1856) - He was the twenty-eighth president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/

Monday, December 29
Day 363 Ice Skating Day Bowling Ball Day - A wooden modern-style bowling ball was invented in 1862. Texas Admission Day - Texas became the 28th state in 1845. Birthday of President Andrew Johnson (born in 1808) - He was the seventeenth president. http://www.whitehouse.gov/about/presidents/ 2 Days Remaining

390

Tuesday, December 30
Day 364 1 Day Remaining Take a Walk Day – Taking a walk in the winter can be enjoyable (seeing the scenery) and a good workout (because the body is burning additional calories to stay warm). National Bicarbonate of Soda Day http://www.rd.com/home-garden/83-extraordinary-uses-for-bakingsoda/article23745.html Monkees Birthday - Two members of the Monkees were born on this day. Davy Jones in 1945 and Michael Nesmith in 1942. Roy Rogers TV Show Anniversary - The Roy Rogers Show premiered on this day in 1951.

Wednesday, December 31
Day 365 New Year's Eve Leap Second Time Adjustment Day - This is a one-second adjust made as needed on June 30 and December 31 to keep Coordinated Universal Time close to mean solar time. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leap_second Make Up Your Mind Day – Don’t start the new year with a lot of leftover indecisiveness. Make up your mind, make a plan, and make progress in the new year. One Voice Day - One determined voice can make a difference. World Peace Meditation Day - This was created in 1986. It is a time for the people of the world to meditate on world peace.

391

Universal Hour of Peace - This starts at 11:30 p.m. today and ends at 12:30 a.m. January First. The whole world is united in heart and mind toward the common goal of peace. No Interruptions Day (last business day) - In a lot of business offices, there are many last minute things that need to be completed before the new year begins.

Week-Long Events in

DECEMBER
Christmas Tree Week (first week) National Cookie Cutter Week (first week) http://www.frankencutters.com/cccc/ Cookie Cutter Collectors Club Tolerance Week (first week) Tolerating others does not require being or believing the same. It is about accepting others as they are, and recognizing that being different does not mean being inferior. National Aplastic Anemia and MDS Awareness Week (first week) http://www.aamds.org Aplastic Anemia and MDS International Foundation, Inc. National Hand Washing Awareness Week (first full week) One of the best ways to prevent the speading of infectious and contagious diseases is to wash your hands often throughout the day, especially before meals. http://www.henrythehand.com Over Tip Your Waitstaff Week (second week) Waiters and waitresses usually receive the majority of their income from tips, so a good tip is always appreciated. Tell Someone They're Doing a Good Job Week (third week) Nepoleon said, “A man will work for a paycheck, but he will risk his life for a medal.” Spoken praise in front of one’s peers is worth more than money. Thank a Soldier Week (19 - 25) http://iwvpa.net/jonesd/ Lipstick Week (fourth week)

392

It's About Time Week (25 - 31)

Month-Long Events in

DECEMBER
Stress-Free Family Holidays Month http://1stholistic.com/reading/health/health-10-tips-for-a-stress-free-holiday.htm Holly Month National Critical Infrastructure Protection Month – Designated as such by Presidental Proclamation. Get to Know Your Neighbors Month http://moving.about.com/od/settlingintips/a/meetneighbors.htm Write to a Friend Month – A hand-written letter means much more than a pre-printed Christmas card. It means you thought enough of your relationship with them to take the time to write a letter. With email, cellphones, and instant everything, very few people take the time to hand-write a letter any more. If you want to forge a strong friendship, or make an existing friendship stronger, write a letter. Bingo Month Read a New Book Month – A newly-published book, especially a business book, will have the newest and most up-to-date information and strategies. Make it a point to read a newly-published book this month. www.nationalbook.org See The National Book Foundation Tie Month Closed Caption TV Month - See the History of the Closed-Captioning: http://inventors.about.com/library/inventors/blclosedcaptioning.htm Learn a Foreign Language Month - See Why Foreign Language Education Matters: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/rep-rush-holt/why-foreign-languageeduc_b_127588.html Sign Up for Summer Camp Month http://www.acacamps.org American Camp Association 393

Art and Architecture Month http://www.artsandarchitecture.com Art and Architecture® Magazine Calendar Awareness Month - See History of the Calendar: http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/A0002061.html#axzz0xpbze7ot Universal Human Rights Month Identity Theft Prevention and Awareness Month Write a Business Plan Month http://www.myownbusiness.org/s2/ My Own Business™ Safe Toys and Gifts Month - See Choosing Safe Toys: http://kidshealth.org/parent/growth/learning/safe_toys.html Drunk and Drugged Driving Prevention Month http://www.cdc.gov/Motorvehiclesafety/Impaired_Driving/ Tie One on For Safety® - This started as Project Red Ribbon in 1986 by MADD (Mothers Against Drunk Drivers). It begins on Thanksgiving Day and ends on December 31st. http://www.madd.org Hearing Impairment Awareness Month

394

INDEX

Birthday of Hank Aaron Hank Aaron Day Abilities Day Absolutely Incredible Kid Day® (third Thursday) Absurdity Day Abused Women and Children Awareness Day (second Sunday) Academy Awards Month A Christmas Carol Anniversary Accordion Day Act Happy Day (third Monday) Birthday of President John Adams Birthday of President John Quincy Adams A Day Out of Time ADHD Awareness Month Adhesive Postage Stamps Day Administrative Professionals Day® (Wednesday of the last full week) (last full week) Administrative Professionals Week Adopt a Shelter Animal Month Adoption Awareness Month Adult Immunization Awareness Week (week starting the last Sunday) Beginning of Advent Aerial Victory Day Birthday of Aesop A Friend in Need is a Friend Indeed Day AIDS Awareness Month Air-Conditioned Automobile Anniversary Air Conditioner Birthday Air Conditioning Appreciation Day Air Conditioning Appreciation Week (second full week) Air Day Air Force Day Airmail Service Anniversary Airplane Crop Duster Day Air Travel Month Air Your Dirty Laundry Day

February 5 April 8 December 22 March 20 November 20 June 8 March December 19 January 13 March 17 October 30 July 11 July 25 September May 6 April 23 April October November September December 3 February 5 June 4 June 15 October November 4 July 17 July 3 August November 11 August 1 May 15 August 3 August November 20

395

Alabama Day Alaska Admission Day Alaska Purchase Day Alcoholics Anonymous Birthday Alcohol Awareness Month Alcohol Education Month Alcohol-Free Weekend (first weekend) All-American Pet Photo Day All-American Soap Box Derby Day Ethan Allen Day All is Ours Day All or Nothing Day All Saints’ Day All Souls’ Day All-Star Game Anniversary Almond Day Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month Amateur Radio Month Ambivalence Day Amelia Earhart Disappearance Anniversary America the Beautiful Day America Recycles Day American Bar Association Birthday American Business Women’s Day American Canoe Association Anniversary American Chess Day American Chocolate Week (third week, 17-23) American Circus Day American Diabetes Month American Eagle Day American Education Week (week before Thanksgiving) American History Month American Lung Association Birthday American Map Day American Red Cross Anniversary American Red Cross Month American Redneck Day American Revolution Anniversary American Stroke Month American Touch Tag Day Americans with Disabilities Day Amnesty International Day Ancestor Appreciation Day Ancestor Honor Day (third Monday) Animal Cruelty Prevention Month Angel Week

December 14 January 3 March 30 June 9 April November April 5 July 11 August 20 January 21 April 8 July 26 November 1 November 2 July 6 February 16 November April April 24 July 2 July 22 November 15 August 21 September 22 August 3 September 1 March April 3 November June 20 November February May 6 March 31 May 21 March July 3 December 14 May October 8 July 26 May 28 September 27 May 19 April Sept 24-28

396

Animal Safety and Protection Month Animal Shelter Appreciation Week (second week) Annual Medical Check-Up Day Ansel Adams Day Saint Anthony the Great Feast Day Birthday of Susan B. Anthony Anti-Boredom Month Anxiety Disorders Screening Day (first Wednesday) Apollo 8 Moon Orbit Anniversary Appendectomy Day Apple Computer Day Apple Month (goes through November) Johnny Appleseed Day Johnny Appleseed Day Appreciate Diversity Month Appreciate a Dragon Day April Fool’s Day April Showers Day Aquarium Month Archery Day Area Codes Birthday Are You Ready for Some Football? Day Arizona Admission Day Arlington National Cemetery Day Arkansas Admission Day Arkansas Joins the Twentieth Century Day Armed Forces Day (third Saturday) Armed Forces Week (from the second Saturday to the third Sunday) Armored Warships Day Army Day Around the World Day Art and Architecture Month World Arthritis Day Birthday of President Chester A. Arthur Artist Appreciation Day Artist Appreciation Month Artist of America Day Ash Wednesday 2013 Ask a Stupid Question Day (last school day of September) Asparagus Day ASPCA® Day Aspirin’s Birthday Astronauts Day Astronomy Day (Part 1) Astronomy Day (Part 2) Astronomy Week (14-20, 2014)

October November August 11 February 20 January 17 February 15 July May 7 December 24 January 4 June 4 October March 26 September 26 April January 16 April 1 April 22 June January 23 November 10 November 12 February 14 May 13 June 15 November 12 May 17 May March 9 April 6 January 8 December October 12 October 5 February 3 August June 1 February 13 September 30 May 24 April 10 February 27 April 9 May 10 October 4 April

397

Assembly Line Worker’s Day January 14 Assistant Principals Week (third week) April As Young as You Feel Day March 22 Auctioneers Day (third Saturday) April 19 Audubon Day April 26 Aunt and Uncle Day July 26 Aunt’s Day (third Sunday) May 18 Aunt’s Day (Saturday after Labor Day, also the third Sunday in May) September 6 Australia Day January 26 Auto Battery Safety Month October Autograph Collectors Week (first full week) March Automotive Birthday July 3 Automotive Parade Day September 7 Automotive Service Professionals Day June 12 Automotive Service Professionals Week (second full week) June Auto Race Birthday November 28 June 22 Auto Race Day Autumn Equinox September 22 Aviation History Month November Aviation Week(week including Orville Wright’s birthday, born Aug 19, 1874) August March 18 Awkward Moments Day

Babe Ruth Day Baby-Boomer Day Baby Boomer Recognition Day Baby Safety Month Babysitter Safety Day Bachelors Day Back to Basics Day Backwards Day Bad Hair Day Bald Eagle Appreciation Days Bagels and Lox Day Baked Bean Month Bake for Family Fun Month Bake Your Own Bread Day Balance Awareness Week (third full week) Bald is Beautiful Day (also celebrated on October 14)

May 6 January 1 June 21 September March 5 February 29 October 8 January 31 August 20 January 19 February 9 July February June 17 September September 13

398

Bald is Beautiful Day (also celebrated on September 13) Ball-bearing Roller Skates Day Ballroom Dance Day Ballroom Dancing Month Bambi’s Birthday Banana Bread Day Band-Aid Birthday Barbecue Month Barbershop Quartet Week (first full week) Barbie’s Birthday Barbershop Music Appreciation Day Barbershop Quartet Day Bar Code Birthday Barn Day (second Sunday) Barney and Friends Day Everett Barney Day (second Tuesday) Baseball All-Star Game Baseball Day Baseball Hall of Fame Day Basketball Day Basketball Day Bath Safety Month Bathtub Day Battleship Day Beach Party Day Be a Kid Day Be an Angel Day Bean Day Beans and Franks Day Beauticians Day Be Cook at Work Day Be Electrific Day Beer Can Appreciation Day Beer Lover’s Day Birthday of Beethoven Be Humble Day Be Kind to Editors and Writers Month Be Kind to Humankind Week (24-30) Be Late for Something Day Alexander Graham Bell Day Bell Bottoms Day Belle Starr Day Belly Laugh Day Be Nice to New Jersey Week (first full week) Berlin Wall Day Best Friends Day

October 14 December 9 April 4 September August 13 February 23 September 22 May July March 9 July 13 April 11 June 26 July 13 April 6 January 16 July 8 June 26 January 29 January 15 November 6 January October 7 February 15 August 7 July 8 August 22 January 6 July 13 June 26 July 1 February 11 January 24 September 7 December 16 February 22 September August September 5 March 3 April 5 February 5 January 24 July April 29 June 8

399

Better Breakfast Month Better Business Communication Day Better Conversation Week (third full week) Better Hearing and Speech Month Better Sleep Month Bicycle Birthday Bicycle Built for Two Day Bicycle Race Day Big Bird Day Bike Safety Month Bike to Work Week (third full work week) Biking Week (first week) Birthday of the Bikini Bill Gates Day Bill of Rights Day Bingo Month Bird Day Birth Control Pill Day Birthday Cake Birthday Birth Mother’s Day (Saturday before Mother’s Day) Biscuit Month Black Friday (day after Thanksgiving) Black History Month Black Poetry Day (first Friday the 13th of the year) Blame Someone Else Day Blender Day Blindness Awareness Month Blood Pressure Day Blood Type Awareness Day Bloomer Day Birth of the Blues Day Blue’s Birthday Blueberry Cheesecake Day Blueberry Month Blue Jeans Birthday Blue Jeans Day Bob Day Bodybuilders Day Bone and Joint Decade National Action Week (11 - 19) Book Lovers Day Book Lover’s Day 2013 (first Saturday) Book Month Birthday of Daniel Boone Betty Boop Birthday Bone and Joint Health National Awareness Week (12 – 20) Boost Your Hometown Month

September January 23 November May May November 20 December 13 May 31 March 20 April May March July 5 October 28 December 15 December May 4 May 9 July 25 May 10 September November 28 February October 17 June 13 January 4 October May 10 June 14 July 19 November 16 September 8 May 26 July May 20 December 5 May 26 October 30 October August 9 November 1 May November 2 August 9 October April

400

Born to Be Wild Day Boston Tea Party Day Bowling Ball Day Box Camera Day Boxer Shorts Birthday Boxing Day Boy Scout Anniversary Boy Scout Anniversary Week (first full week) Birth of the Bra Brain Awareness Week (second full week) Brain Injury Awareness Month Brain Tumor Action Week (first full week) Bread Machine Baking Month Bright Idea Day Bring Your Jack-O-Lantern to Work Day Broadway Musicals Day Birthday of Charlotte Bronte Brooklyn Bridge Birthday Brooklyn Bridge Day Brothers Day (third Thursday) Brown Bag it Thursday Brownies at Brunch Month John Moses Browning Day Brrr! It’s Cold Day BTK Sentencing Day Bubble Bath Day Bubble Wrap® Appreciation Day Birthday of President James Buchanan Buckle Up Day Birthday of Bugs Bunny Build a Better Image Week (third full week) Build a Scarecrow Day (first Sunday) Build a Snowman Day Bunsen Burner Day Burger Lovers Day Robert Burns Day Burn Awareness Week (first full week) Birthday of President George Bush Birthday of President W. Bush Bus Birthday Butterflies Day Butterfly Day Button Day Buy a Musical Instrument Day Buy a Tree Day Buy Nothing Day (day after Thanksgiving)

September 15 December 16 December 29 May 7 October 27 December 26 February 8 February November 2 March March May January September 4 October 28 September 29 April 21 May 24 January 3 May 24 May 15 August January 21 January 23 August 18 January 8 January 28 April 23 January 1 July 27 September July 6 December 19 March 31 February 15 January 25 February June 12 July 6 July 4 March 14 June 19 November 16 May 22 December 14 November 28

401

Buzzard Day (first Sunday after the 15th) Bye Bye Beatles Day Lord Byron Day

March 16 January 30 January 22

Cable Car Day Cadbury Chocolate Day Cadillac Birthday Caesar Salad Birthday Cake Appreciation Day Calendar Awareness Month California Admission Day California Coastal Cleanup Day (third Saturday) California Earthquake Preparedness Month California Kiwifruit Day (first day of winter) Call a Friend Day Camera Day Camcorder Day Campaign for Healthier Babies Month Camp Fire Founders Day Camp Fire USA Birthday Week (week that includes the 17th) Canada Day (aka Dominion Day) Canadian Mounties Day (second Monday) Canadian Thanksgiving Day Candy Cane Day Candy Corn Day Canned Food Month Can Opener Birthday Caramel Month Caramel Popcorn Day Car Care Month Card and Letter Writing Month Cardiac Rehabilitation Week (week of Valentine’s Day) Cardiovascular Professionals Week (week of Valentine’s Day) Career Nurse Assistants Day (second Thursday) Careers in Cosmetology Month Car Keys and Small Change Day Birthday of Lewis Carroll Carrot Cake Day

January 17 March 4 August 22 July 4 November 1 December September 9 September 20 April December 21 December 28 June 29 January 20 October March 17 March July 1 February 1 October 13 December 26 October 30 February January 5 October April 7 April April February February June 12 January February 28 January 27 February 3

402

Cash Register Birthday January 30 Cat Week (first week) November Cataract Awareness Month August Catfish Month August Catholic School Principal Appreciation Day (Thurs. before Thanksgiving) November 20 Catholic Schools Week January 26 – February 1 Celebrate Empty-Nester Month November Celebrate Sun Dried Tomatoes Month October Celebrate Your Lakes Day August 9 Celebrate Your Name Week (first full week) March Celebration of Life Day January 22 Celebration of Life Month January Celebration of Life Week January 1-7 Celebration of Love Week (week of Valentine’s Day) February Celebration of the Senses Day June 24 Celibacy Awareness Month June May 27 Cellophane Tape Anniversary Cell Phone Courtesy Month July Cervical Health Awareness Month January Cesar Chavez Day March 31 April Cesarean Awareness Month Champagne Day August 4 Change Your Life Day October 19 Chanukah, Hanukkah (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) Dec. 17-24 November 9 Chaos Never Dies Day Character Counts Week (third full week) October Checkers Day September 23 (second Sunday) March 19 Check Your Batteries Day Cheerios Day May 1 Cheerleading Week (first full week) March Cheer Up the Lonely Day May 11 Cheese Fondue Day April 11 September 5 Cheese Pizza Day Chemistry Week (third full week) October Cherry Cheesecake Day April 23 Cherry Coke Day February 19 Cherry Dessert Day May 26 Cherry Pie Day February 20 Chewing Gum Day December 28 Chicka Chicka Boom Boom Day March 20 Chicken Month September Chicken Soup for Soul Day November 12 Chicken Wings Day July 29 Child Care Provider Appreciation Day™ (Friday before Mothers Day) May 9 Childhood Cancer Month September Childhood Depression Awareness Day (Tuesday of the first full week) May 6

403

Childhood Injury Prevention Week (first full week) September Childhood Stroke Awareness Month May Child Labor Day January 31 Child Support Month August Child Vision Awareness Month June Children of Alcoholics Week (week of Valentine’s Day) February Children’s Authors and Illustrators Week (first week) February Children’s Book Week (12-18, 2014, date varies) May Children’s Craft Day March 14 Children’s Day (second Sunday) June 8 Children’s Day October 8 Children’s Eye Health and Safety Month August Children’s Good Manners Month September Children’s Health Month October Children’s Internet Safety Month October Children’s Picture Book Day March 28 (first full week) May Children’s Mental Health Awareness Week Children’s Vision and Learning Month August Children with Alopecia Day April 14 Chili Day (Observed on the last Thursday of February) February 28 October Chili Month Chinese New Year 2013 February 10 Chocolate Cake Day January 27 Chocolate Chip Day May 15 April 21 Chocolate-Covered Cashew Day Chocolate Custard Day May 5 Chocolate Day February 12 July 7 Chocolate Day Chocolate Fondue Day February 5 Chocolate Lovers Month February Chocolate Month March Chocolate Parfait Day May 1 August 20 Chocolate Pecan Pie Day Chocolate Pizza Day December 19 Chopsticks Song Birthday August 1 Chop Suey Day August 29 Christmas December 25 Christmas Eve December 24 Christmas Lights Day December 1 Christmas Seals® Day December 7 Christmas Parade Day December 25 Christmas Tree Light Day December 22 Christmas Tree Week (first week) December Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Awareness Month March Chrysanthemum Day July 18 Church/State Separation Week(Tuesday to Saturday of Thanksgiving week)November

404

Cinco de Mayo Circus Day Civil Aviation Day Civil War Anniversary The Civil Air Patrol Anniversary Clashing Clothes Day Class Reunion Month Classical Music Month Classified Ads Month Birthday of Cassius Clay Clean Air Month Clean Out Your Bookcase Day Clean Out Your Refrigerator Day Clean Up the Earth Day Clean Up Your Computer Month Clean Up Your Room Day Clergy Appreciation Month Birthday of President Grover Cleveland Click It or Ticket (last Monday to Sunday) Clifford the Big Red Dog Birthday Clifford the Big Red Dog Birthday Clinical Trial Awareness Month Clip-On Tie Day Birthday of President Bill Clinton Clock Month Closed Caption TV Month Clown Month (first week) Clown Week Coast Guard Day Coast Guard Day Coats for Kids Day Coffee Cake Day Coffee Month Coffee Week (fourth week) Cold and Flu Campaign Month Coldest Day Ever Collect Rocks Day College Savings Month Collegiate Alcohol Awareness Week (third full week) Colt 45 Day Colorado Admission Day Color Photos Birthday Columbus Day (observed second Monday) Comedy Day Come in From the Cold Day Comet Brooks 2 – 2014 (appears every 6.14 years)

May 5 May 19 December 7 April 12 December 1 January 24 October September May January 17 May February 20 November 15 October 22 January May 10 October March 18 May February 15 September 5 January December 13 August 19 October December August August January 28 August 4 December 2 April 7 August July September July 21 September 16 September October July 19 August 1 November 23 October 13 July 30 January 22 June 7

405

Comet Comas Sola 2014 (appears every 8.8 years) Comet Faye 2014 (appears every 7.55 years) Comet Finlay 2014 (appears every 6.75 years) Comet Harrington-Abell 2014(appears every 7.53 years) Comet Holmes 2014 (appears every 6.88 years) Comet LINEAR 2014 (appears every 5.09 years) Comet Tempel-Swift-LINEAR 2014 (apprears every 6.37 years) Comic Book Birthday Common Courtesy Day Communicate with Your Baby Day Communicate with Your Kid Month Community Spirit Month Compact Disc Birthday Compliment Day Compliment Your Mirror Day Computer Learning Month Computer Security Day Concorde Day Birthday of Confucius Congenital Heart Defect Awareness Week (7th-14th) Conjunction of Venus and Jupiter Connecticut Admission Day Conserve Water Week (second full week) Constitution Day (third full week) Constitution Week Consumer Awareness Week (third week) Birthday of President Calvin Coolidge Cookie Baking Day Cookie Cutter Day Cookie Day Cookie Month Coping With Uncertainty Day Copyright Law Anniversary Coquilles St. Jacques Day Cord Blood Awareness Month Cordon Bleu Day Corkboard Birthday Cornelia de Lange Syndrome Awareness Day (second Saturday) Correct Posture Month Corvette’s Birthday Cosmetology Month Counseling Awareness Month Country Music Day Country Music Month Count Your Buttons Day Couple Appreciation Month

October 17 May 29 December 27 March 7 March 27 May 6 August 26 July 7 March 21 December 5 October April October 1 January 24 July 3 October November 30 January 21 September 28 February May 28 January 9 March September 17 September April July 4 December 18 December 17 December 4 October November 17 May 31 May 16 July April 4 July 14 May 10 May June 30 October April July 4 October October 21 April

406

Coupon Month Courtesy Month Cousins Day Cover the Uninsured Week (second full week) Cowboy Poetry Week (third full week) Cozy Cuddles for Kids™ Month Cracker Jack® Birthday Crackerjacks Prize Day Create a Great Funeral Day Creative Beginnings Month Creative Ice Cream Flavors Day Creative Romance Month Creativity Month Crime Prevention Month Crime Stoppers Month Criminal Fingerprints Day Birthday of Davy Crockett Crochet Week (second week) Croissant Day Crossword Puzzle Anniversary Crush a Can Day C-Section Day Cuckoo Warning Day Cuddle Day Cuddle Up Day Cuddly Kitten Day Culinary Arts Month Curious Events Day Birthday of Jamie Lee Curtis Customer Loyalty Month Customer Service Day Customer Service Week (first full week) Cyber Monday (Monday after Thanksgiving)

September September July 24 May April November June 16 February 19 October 30 May July 1 February July October January October 28 August 17 March January 30 December 21 September 27 January 14 June 21 February 25 January 6 March 23 July October 9 November 22 April January 17 October December 1

Daffodil Month Daffynitions Month Dairy Queen® Birthday Daisy Day

March April June 22 January 28

407

Dance a Polka Day Dance Day Dance Day Dandelion Day Daniel Boone Day Dare Day Birthday of Virginia Dare Dare to Live Day Darwin Day Data Entry Month Date Your Mate Month Birthday of Jefferson Davis Day of Friendship Day of the Horse Dr. Phil Day Daydreamers Day (second Sunday) Daylight Savings Time begins Daylight Savings Time ends (first Sunday) D.B. Cooper Day D-Day Commemoration (WWII) (last full week) Deaf Awareness Week Deaf History Month Dear Abby Dear Diary Day Decide to Be Married Day Deck the Halls Day Deep Vein Thrombosis Awareness Month Defy Superstition Day Delaware Admission Day Dental Drill Pay Dentist’s Day Department of Homeland Security Birthday Depression and Mental Health Month Descendants Days (last Saturday) Design Drafting Week (second full work week) Designated Hitter Day Dessert Month Destiny Day Develop Alternative Vices Day Devil’s Food Cake Day Devil’s Night (Angel’s Night) Dewey Decimal Day Diabetes Alert Day (fourth Tuesday) Diabetic Eye Disease Month Dial Telephone Birthday Dice Day

August 9 March 21 April 29 April 5 June 7 June 1 August 18 April 30 February 12 August May June 3 November 30 December 13 September 1 January 1 March 9 November 2 November 24 June 6 September March January 9 September 23 June 27 December 14 March September 13 December 7 January 26 March 6 November 25 October June 28 April January 11 October October 12 February 9 May19 October 30 December 10 March 25 November August 20 December 4

408

Birthday of Emily Dickinson December 10 Dictionary Day October 16 Dieting Day Off May 6 Different Colored Eyes Day July 12 Ding-a-Ling Day December 12 Dinner Day January 13 Dinosaur Month October Discover America Month October Birthday of Walt Disney December 5 Disneyland Anniversary July 17 Disneyland Construction Begins July 21 Disobedience Day July 3 Diversity Awareness Month October Diversity Day (first Friday) October 3 Divorce Day January 5 Dixie Cup Birthday March 23 February 28 DNA Discovery Day Do a Grouch a Favor Day February 16 Doctors Day (last Tuesday) March 25 Dog Appreciation Day August 26 February 23 Dog Biscuit Appreciation Day Dog Bite Prevention Week (third full week) May Dog Days of Summer (July 3 – Aug. 11 according to The Old Farmer’s Almanac) July Dog House Repair Month July October 23 Do-It-Yourself Day Dollar Bill Day March 10 Donald Duck Day June 9 (second Wednesday) May 14 Donate a Day’s Wages to Charity Day Don’t Wait! Celebrate! Week (second full week) August Donut Day (first Friday) June 6 Donut Day June 22 Don’t Cry Over Spilled Milk Day February 11 Don’t Step on a Bee Day July 10 Do Something Nice Day October 5 Dot Your I’s With Smileys Day December 20 Dracula’s Birthday May 26 Draw a Dinosaur Day January 30 Dream Day March 11 Drinking Straw Day January 3 Drive-in Theater Birthday June 6 Driver License Test Birthday July 1 Drive Safely Work Week (first full week) October Drowsy Driving Prevention™ (second full week) November Dr. Pepper’s Birthday December 1 Drum (Percussion) Month November Drunk and Drugged Driving Prevention Month December

409

Drunk Driving Memorial Day Dryer Vent Safety Month Dry Milk Day Dump Your Significant Jerk Day Dunce Day Dystonia Awareness Week (first full week and previous Saturday)

May 14 October April 9 February 7 November 8 June

Amelia Earhart Day Amelia Earhart Day Dale Earnhardt Remembrance Day Ear-Muff Day Birthday of Wyatt Earp Earth Day Earth Day Earth Science Week (second full week) Early Bird Day Easter (Easter is always a Sunday between March 22 and April 25) Easter Island Day Eat a Cranberry Day Eat an Extra Dessert Day Eat a Pretzel Day Eat a Red Apple Day Eat Better, Eat Together Month Eat Dessert First Week (1 - 7) Eat Outside Day Eat Vegetarian Day Eat What You Want Day Eat Your Vegetables Day Eating Disorders Awareness Week (week starting the last Sunday) eCard Month Economists Day Birthday of Thomas Edison Educational Support Professionals Day Effective Communications Month Egg Month Eggnog Day Egg Salad Week (week starting on Easter) 8-ball Billiards Awareness Month

January 11 August 25 February 18 March 13 March 19 March 22 April 22 October July 1 April 20 April 5 November 23 September 4 October 22 December 1 October May August 31 December 28 May 11 June 17 February October December 23 February 11 November 16 June May December 24 April October

410

Eight-Track Tape Day Birthday of President Dwight D. Eisenhower Elected Officials Day (third Friday) Election Day (first Tuesday after the first Monday) Electric Guitar Day Electric Mixer Birthday Electric Razor Birthday Electronic Communications Week (fourth work week) Electronic Greetings Day Elementary School Teacher Day Elephant Appreciation Day Ellis Island Closing Anniversary Ellis Island Day Email of Appreciation Week (second full week) Email Tag Day Email Week (second full week) (third full week) Emergency Medical Services Week Emergency Nurses Day (second Wednesday) Emergency Nurses Week (week including the second Wednesday) Emergency Preparedness Month Emotional Wellness Month Empire State Building Birthday Employee Appreciation Day Empowered Women Entrepreneurs Day Encourage a Young Writer Day End of the Fairy Tale Day Energy Management Month Engineering Week (week including Washington’s birthday) English Channel Swim Day ENIAC Anniversary Epiphany Escape from Alcatraz Day Escargot Day Eskimo Pie Day ESPN Birthday ESTEME Week (second full week) Etch-a-Sketch Birthday Ethics Awareness Month Every Body Deserves a Massage Week (third full week) Everything You Do is Right Day Expect Success Month Explore Your Career Options Week (first full week) Extraordinary Work Team Recognition Day Extraterrestrial Abductions Day Eye Exam Month Eyeglasses Birthday

April 11 October 14 May 17 November 5 November 27 April 23 November 6 April November 29 January 28 September 22 November 12 January 1 March December 14 June May October 8 October September October May 1 March 4 April 7 April 10 August 28 October February August 25 February 14 January 5 June 11 May 24 January 24 September 7 April July 12 March July March 16 February April December 4 March 20 August August 16

411

Eye Injury Prevention Month Eye Safety Awareness Week

(June 27-July 5)

October June

Fairmount Park Bridge Day January 2 Fall Car Care Month October Fall Hat Month September Family Fit Lifestyle Month January CASA Family Day September 23 Family Day – A Day to Eat Dinner With Your Children™(fourth Monday)September 23 Family Fun Month August Family Health and Fitness Day (last Saturday) September 27 Family Health Month October Family History Day June 14 Family History Month October Family Reunion Month July Family Reunion Month November October Family Sexuality Education Month Family Stories Month November Family TV Show Day October 3 Family Wellness Month May July 14 Farm Heritage Day Farriers Week (second full week) July Fat Free Living Month January Father-Daughter Take a Walk Together Day July 7 Father’s Day (third Sunday) June 15 July 30 Father-in-law Day Feast of the Epiphany January 6 Federal Lands Cleanup Day (Saturday after Labor Day) September 6 December 23 Federal Reserve System Anniversary Felt Hat Day September 15 Ferris Wheel Birthday June 21 Ferris Wheel Day February 14 Festival of Sleep Day January 3 December 23 Festivus Fettuccine Alfredo Day February 7 Fibromyalgia Awareness Day May 12 Fibromyalgia Education and Awareness Month May Fig Newton Day January 16

412

Fight Procrastination Day Birthday of President Millard Fillmore Final Episode of The Fugitive Financial Planning Week (first full week) Find a Friend, Be a Friend Day Find a Rainbow Day Find Your Soul Mate Day Fingerprint Day Fire Drill Day Fire Escape Ladder Birthday Fire Prevention Day Fireside Chat Day Fireworks Safety Month (June 1- July 4) First Airport Anniversary First American in Space Day First American Space Walk First Balloon Flight across the English Channel First Bank Day First Day of Fall First Helicopter Flight First Hot Air Balloon Flight First Kentucky Derby Anniversary First Moon Walk Anniversary First Pacific Balloon Crossing Anniversary First Post Office Anniversary First Public School Day First Space Walk Day First Successful Heart Transplant Anniversary First Super Bowl Anniversary First Tornado Anniversary First Transcontinental Railroad Completed First U.S. Census First Westminster Dog Show Anniversary First Woman Governor Anniversary First Woman Mayor Day First Woman to Climb Mount Everest Day First Woman Voting Anniversary First Women Generals Day Birthday of Bobby Fischer Five-a-Day Month 55 mph Speed Limit Flag Day Flashlight Day Flexible Work Arrangement Week (first full week) Flip a Coin Day Flip Your Mattress Day

September 6 January 7 August 29 October December 18 April 3 May 22 July 28 April 23 May 7 October 9 March 12 June November 20 May 5 June 3 January 7 January 4 September 22 November 13 June 4 May 17 July 20 November 13 November 5 February 13 March 18 December 3 January 15 June 10 May 10 August 1 May 8 November 5 April 4 May 16 November 5 June 11 March 9 September January 2 June 14 December 21 May June 1 May 15

413

Flirting Week (week of Valentine’s Day) Flu and Pneumonia Immunization Campaign Floral Design Day Foreign Language Month Florida Admission Day Florida Arbor Day Fly a Kite Day Flying Saucer Day Flying Solo Day FM Radio Day Food Allergy Awareness Month Food Allergy Awareness Week (second full week) Food Health Awareness Month Food Safety Education Month Fool’s Paradise Day Birthday of President Gerald Ford Ford Mustang Birthday Forefathers Day Forget Your New Year’s Resolution Day Forest Products Week (third full week) Fortune Cookie Day 4-H Anniversary Day 4-H Week (first full week) 4-leaf clover Lady Luck Day 4-leaf clover Make Your Own Luck Day Four Ones Day 40-Hour Work Week Day 45-RPM Day The Fox and the Hound Day Fragrance Day Birthday of Anne Frank Benjamin Franklin’s Birthday Frappe Day Joe Frazier Day Freckle Pride Day Freedom Week (week including July 4th) Freedom From Bullies at Work Week (third full week) Freedom From Fear of Public Speaking Day Freedom of Information Day Freethinkers Day Freethought Day French Fries Day Frequent Flyer Day Fresh Spinach Day Fresh Veggies Day Frisbee® Day

February November February 28 July March 3 January 18 June 15 June 24 May 20 January 5 September May April September July 13 July 14 April 17 December 21 January 17 October September 13 January 15 October April 5 August 26 November 11 October 24 January 10 July 9 March 21 June 12 January 17 October 7 January 12 November 27 July October July 2 March 16 January 29 October 12 July 13 May 1 July 16 June 16 January 23

414

Frog Jumping Day Froot Loops® Birthday Birthday of Robert Frost Fruit and Veggies – More Matters™ Month Fun and Fancy Free Day Fun at Work Day Fun with Fondue Month Future Farmers of America Week (the third week starting the third Sat.) Future Teachers of America Day

May 13 July 22 March 26 September September 27 January 28 November February November 20

Saint Gabriel Feast Day Saint Gabriel Feast Day Galileo Day Gallaudet Day Gallbladder Good Health Day Gals Night Out (second Friday) Games Day Game and Puzzle Week (third full week) Garbanzo Bean Day Gardening Exercise Day Birthday of Garfield the Cat Birthday of President James A. Garfield Garlic Day Garlic Lovers Day Genealogy Day (Saturday of the first full week) Genius Day Geography Awareness Week (third week) Georgia Admission Day Georgian Calendar Day Georgia Pecan Month GERD Awareness Week (third full week) German-American Heritage Day Get Caught Reading Month Get Happy Week (first week) Get Inspired Month Get on the Computer Day Get Organized Month Get Organized Week (first full week)

March 24 September 29 February 15 April 15 September 24 August 8 December 20 November October 21 June 6 June 19 November 19 April 19 October 6 March 8 March 14 November January 2 February 22 November November October 6 May May February January 5 January October

415

Get Over it Day™ Get Ready for Kindergarten Month Get Rid of Clutter Day Get Smart About Credit Day (third Thursday) Get to Know Your Neighbors Month Gettysburg Address Anniversary Gilligan Day Gingerbread House Day (also celebrated December 12) GI Joe’s Birthday Gingerbread House Day (also celebrated November 10) Girl Scout Birthday Girl Scout Leader Appreciation Day Girl Scout Week (week that includes the 12th) Give a Secret Gift Day Give Kids a Smile® Day 2013 Give Me Liberty Day Give Someone a Dollar Today Day Give Up Easily Day Give Wildlife a Brake Week (fourth full week) Gladiola Month Glaucoma Awareness Month Global Forgiveness Day Go Caroling Day Godiva Chocolates in America Day Go Fishing Day Go For a Ride Day Go For Broke Day Go Hog Wild Golden Gate Bridge Anniversary Golden Rule Week (first week) Gold Record Day Gold Rush Day (last Sunday) Gold Star Mothers Day Golf America Day Golf Course Day Golf Day Golf Month Golf Tee Day Golf Week (third week) Golfer’s Day Goodbye Howdy Doody Day Good Friday (Friday before Easter) Good Samaritan Involvement Day Goodwill Industries Week (first full week) Google Commemoration Day Go on a Field Trip Month

March 9 August November 29 October 16 December November 19 January 9 November 10 February 2 December 12 March 12 April 22 March December 6 February 6 March 23 November 3 March 2 October August October July 7 December 20 November 15 June 18 November 22 April 5 October May 27 April February 10 January 24 September 28 February 22 March 30 January 17 August December 12 February April 10 September 30 April 18 March 13 May September 7 October

416

Gorgeous Grandma Day Go to an Art Museum Today Day Grand Central Station Anniversary Grandmother Achievement Day Grandparents Day (Sunday after Labor Day) Grandparents and Grandchildren Day Granola Bar Day Birthday of President Ulysses S. Grant G-Rated Birthday Graves’ Disease Awareness Week (second full week) Great American Grump Out Day (first Wednesday) Great American Picnic Day (last Saturday) Great American Smokeout (Thursday before Thanksgiving) Great Lovers Day Great San Francisco Earthquake Anniversary Greek Independence Day Greenpeace Day Greyhound Bus Birthday Grilled Cheese Sandwich Month Groundhog Day Guardian Angel Day Guide Dog Day (last Wednesday) Gum Care Month Gynecologic Cancer Awareness Month

July 23 November 9 February 2 February 11 September 7 March 18 January 21 April 27 October 7 January April 2 June 28 November 20 April 2 April 18 March 25 September 14 August 13 April February 2 October 2 April 30 September September

Hairball Awareness Day Hairstylist Appreciation Day Halfway Point of Autumn Halfway Point of Spring Halfway Point of the Year Halfway Point of Winter Halloween Halloween Safety Month Hamburger Month Hammock Day Birthday of John Hancock National Handwriting Day Hang a Wreath Day

(last Friday)

April 25 April 30 November 6 May 5 July 2 February 3 October 31 October May July 22 January 23 January 23 December 7

417

Hanukkah, Chanukah (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) Happiness Happens Day Happiness Happens Month “Happy Birthday” Birthday Happy Day Birthday of President Warren G. Harding Birthday of President Benjamin Harrison Birthday of President William Henry Harrison Harvest Month Hat Day Have a Cola Day Have a Heart Day Have a Party With Your Bear Day Hawaii Admission Day Birthday of President Rutherford B. Hayes Head Start Awareness Month (17-23) Health Information Professionals Week Health Literacy Month Health Unit Coordinator Day Healthy Aging Month Healthy Lifestyle Day Healthy Lung Month Healthy Vision Month Healthy Weight Week (third full week) (first full week) Hearing Aid Awareness Week Hearing Impairment Awareness Month Heart Failure Awareness Week (second full week) Heart Health Month Heart to Heart Day Heirloom Seeds Day Hell is Freezing Over Day Hello Kitty’s Birthday (fourth week) Help Animals Week Help Someone See Week (first full week) Hemochromatosis Screening Awareness Month Hemophilia Month Hepatitis Awareness Month Hermit Day Hershey Inc. Day High Tech Month Hi Neighbor Day Hires Root Beer Birthday Hispanic Heritage Month (Sept 15 – Oct 15) Alfred Hitchcock Day HIV Testing Day HIV Vaccine Awareness Day

Dec. 17-24 August 8 August June 27 January 15 November 2 August 20 February 9 August January 18 May 8 February 14 November 16 August 21 October 4 October March October August 23 September August 25 October May January October December February February January 24 June 2 January 31 November 1 June March July March May October 29 October 24 October December 11 May 16 September March 12 June 27 May 18

418

Hoagie Day Holiday Inn Birthday Holland Tunnel Day Holly Month Sherlock Holmes Day Holocaust Remembrance Day (United Nations) Holocaust Memorial Day, Holocaust Remembrance Day (Jewish holiday) Holocaust Victims Remembrance Month Home-Based Business Week (second full week) Home Care Aide Week (second full week) Home Care Month Home Decorating Month Home Fire Safety Month Home Improvement Safety Month Home Inspection Month Home Inspector Appreciation Month (first week) Homeless Week Homemade Bread Day Homemade Gift Day Homemade Soup Day Home Run Day Home Run Times Three Day Home Safety Month Homes for Birds Week® (second week) Homogenized Milk Day Honey Month Honor Society Awareness Month (fourth work week) Hoof Care Week Birthday of President Herbert Hoover Hoover Dam Hope Chest Month Birthday of Roger Hornsby Horse Day Horseless Carriage Day Horse Month Horseshoe Day Hospital Admitting Clerks Day Hospitality House Week Hot Air Balloon Week Hot and Spicy Food Day Hot Breakfast Month Hot Dog Month Hot Tub Day Housewife’s Day Hug a Bear Day

May 5 August 1 November 12 December January 6 January 27 April 28 April October November November April January April April July November November 17 December 9 February 4 April 23 April 16 June February April 4 September March January August 10 September 11 May April 27 April 17 October 26 March August 26 April 4 July January August 19 February July March 28 November 3 November 7

(first Friday) (fourth full week) (fourth week)

419

Hug a Member of the Military Day Hug a Newsman/Newswoman Day Hug a Prom Sponsor Day Hug a Soccer Player Day Hug Month Hug Your Cat Day (listed in some places as June 4) Hug Your Sweetheart Day HumanLight Celebration Human Resources Month Human Resources Week (first full week) Human Rights Day Human Society Anniversary Hunger Awareness Month Hunt for Happiness Week (third full week) Huntington’s Disease Awareness Month Hurray for Buttons Day (third full week) Hurricane Preparedness Week Husband Appreciation Day (third Saturday)

March 4 April 4 April 26 December 18 August May 30 August 23 December 23 January March December 10 November 22 June January May May 9 May April 19

I am in Control Day Ice Cream Cone Day Ice Cream Cone Day Ice Cream Day Ice Cream Freezer Birthday Ice Cream Month Ice Cream Soda Day Ice Cream Sundae Day Iced Tea Day Ice Skating Day Ice Skating Month Idaho Admission Day Idaho Spud Day Ideas Month Ides of March Iditarod® Start Day I Forgot Day I Hate to Cook Day I Have a Dream Day I Just Called to Say I Love You Day

(third Saturday)

(starts the first Saturday)

March 30 June 3 July 23 June 8 May 30 July June 20 July 8 June 10 December 29 November July 3 September 20 March March 15 March 1 July 2 November 8 August 28 May 13 420

Illinois Admission Day I Love Horses Day I Love My Dentist Day I Love Nachos Day I Love to Write Day I’m Not Going to Take it Anymore Day Impotency Awareness Month Improve Management Skills Month Improve Your Home Office Week (second full week) Income Tax Anniversary Income Tax Day Income Tax Return Preparers and Accountants Day Inconvenience Yourself™ Day 2013 Increase Your Psychic Power Day Identity Theft Prevention and Awareness Month Independence Day Indiana Admission Day Indianapolis 500 Anniversary Indian Motorcycle Birthday I Need a Patch for That Day Infertility Month Inflatable Tire Day Informed Women Month Birthday of Robert G. Ingersoll (third week, 16-22) Inhalants and Poisons Awareness Week Inspirational Role Models Month Inspire Your Heart with Art Day Instant Coffee Birthday Insurance Awareness Day Intergeneration Day (first Sunday) International Adjust Your Chair Day (third Monday) International Air Traffic Control Day International Art Appreciation Day International Aura Awareness Day (fourth Saturday) International Beer Day International Children’s Book Day International Chocolate Day International Coaches Day International Coaching Week (first full week) International Coaching Week (third full week) International Coffee Gourmet Month International Creativity Month International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women International Day for the Eradication of Poverty International Day for the Preservation of the Ozone Layer International Day for Tolerance

December 3 July 15 June 2 November 6 November 15 January 7 November March October August 5 January 1 April 15 February 27 October 31 December July 4 December 11 May 30 May 24 May 21 June January 16 April August 11 March November January 31 July 24 June 28 October 5 October 20 October 20 August 9 November 22 August 5 April 2 February 12 November 1 February May January January November 25 October 17 September 16 November 16

421

International Day of Forests International Day of Older Persons International Day of Peace International Day of Persons with Disabilities International Eat an Apple Day International End Gossip Day International Enthusiasm Week (1 - 7) International Firefighters’ Day International Day for Preventing the Exploitation of the Environment in War and Armed Conflict International Forgiveness Day (first Sunday) International Fraud Awareness Week (second week) International Friendship Month International Friendship Week (last full week) International Frugal Fun Day (first Saturday) International Fun at Work Day (first Monday) International Get Over It Month International Group B Strep Awareness Month International Holocaust Remembrance Day International Homeless Animals Day® (third Saturday) (second full week) International Housekeepers Week International Infection Prevention Week (third week) International Jazz Day (on the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend) International Joke Day International Jugglers Day (aka Multi-Task Day) International Listening Awareness Month International Literacy Day International Make Up Day International Migratory Bird Day (second Saturday) International Mirth Month International Moment of Laughter Day International Mountain Day International Museum Day International Nagging Day International Nurses Day International Pancake Day International Pen-Friends Week (1-7) International People Skills Month International Picnic Day International Plant Appreciation Day International Shareware Day (second Saturday) International Sing-Out Day (this is also celebrated on September 15) International Sing-Out Day (this is also celebrated on April 23) International Skeptics Day International Start Your Own Country Day International Strange Music Day

March 21 October 1 September 21 December 3 September 18 November 6 September April 4 November 6 August 3 November February February October 4 April 7 January July April 8 August 16 September October May 24 July 1 April 18 March September 8 September 10 May 10 March April 14 December 11 May 18 August 14 May 12 February 12 May June June 18 April 13 December 13 April 23 September 15 January 13 November 22 August 24

422

International Talk Like a Pirate Day International Tool Day International Town Criers Day (second Monday) International Tuba Day (first Friday) International Violin Day International Volunteer Day International Waffle Day International Walk to School Day (first Wednesday) International Women’s Day International Youth Day Internet Birthday Intravenous Nurse Day Introduce a Girl to Engineering Day Inventors Day Inventors Month Iowa Admission Day Iris Day Irish-American Heritage Month Irritable Bowel Syndrome Month Israeli Independence Day (Declaration of Independence 1948) Israeli Memorial Day (for Fallen Soldiers and Victims of Terrorism) It All Adds Up Day IT Appreciation Week (third week) It’s About Time Week (25 – 31) It’s My Party Day It’s OK to Be Different Month I Value Our Friendship Day I Want You to Be Happy Day Iwo Jima Day

September 19 September 26 July 14 May 2 June 17 December 5 March 25 October 1 March 7 August 12 October 29 January 25 February 20 February 11 August December 28 May 8 March April May 6 May 5 January 8 June December October 11 January February 13 March 3 February 19

Jack Dempsey Day Jackhammer Day Birthday of President Andrew Jackson Birthday of Shirley Jackson Birthday of Stonewall Jackson Birthday of Jesse James Jamestown Landing Day (Saturday of the second full week) Birthday of President Thomas Jefferson

June 24 January 30 March 15 December 14 January 21 September 5 May 18 April 13

423

Jelly Bean Day Jerusalem Day, Yom Yerushalayim (Israeli national holiday) Jewish American Heritage Month Birthday of Saint Joan of Arc Birthday of Steven Jobs Jobs for Teens Week (third week) Joe Day Birthday of President Andrew Johnson Birthday of President Lyndon B. Johnson Join Hands Day (first Saturday) Birthday of John Paul Jones Jukebox Day Jump in a Puddle and Splash Someone Day Jump Over Things Day June Bug Day Juneteenth (fourth week) Junior Achievement® Week Just Because Day Juvenile Arthritis Awareness Month

April 22 May 28 May January 6 February 24 March March 27 December 29 August 22 May 3 July 6 November 23 January 11 April 6 June 7 June 19 January August 27 July

Captain Kangaroo Anniversary Birthday of Captain Kangaroo Kansas Admission Day Karaoke Week (last full week) Keep America Beautiful Month Birthday of Helen Keller Helen Keller Deaf-Blind Awareness Week (week that includes the 27th) Birthday of President John F. Kennedy Birthday of Robert Francis Kennedy John F. Kennedy Assassination Anniversary Kentucky Admission Day Kentucky Derby (first Saturday) Kentucky Fried Chicken Birthday Birthday of Francis Scott Key Francis Scott Key Day Kids Care Week (third full week) Kids E.N.T. (Ears, Nose, Throat) Month Kid’s Goal Setting Week (second full school week) Kids Kick Butts Day (fourth Wednesday)

October 3 June 27 January 29 April April June 27 June May 29 November 20 November 22 June 1 May 3 August 4 August 1 September 14 October February November March 26 424

Kids Sports Month Kindergarten Day Birthday of The Lion King Birthday of Martin Luther King, Jr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day 2014 (third Monday) King Tut Day Kiss and Make Up Day Kiss Your Car Day Kiss Your Mate Day Kitchen Klutzes of America Day Klondike Gold Discovery Anniversary Knights of Columbus Founders Day Knock-Knock Joke Day Kodak™ Anniversary Birthday of Koko the Gorilla Susan G. Komen Global Race for the Cure Day (first Saturday) (8-10, second weekend including Friday) Kool-Aid® Days Korean War Anniversary Korean War Armistice Day Korean War Veterans Armistice Day Kwanzaa

June April 21 June 15 January 15 January 20 November 4 August 25 July 30 April 28 June 13 August 16 March 29 October 31 September 4 July 4 June 7 August 8 June 25 June 27 July 27 December 26

Labor Day Labor Day Lady and the Tramp Anniversary Lady Liberty’s Birthday Lag B’Omer (Jewish holiday) Landscape Architecture Week Lassie’s Birthday Last Day of Summer Last Minute Shopper’s Day Laugh at Work Week Laugh Day Laundromat Day Law Day Law Enforcement Month Law Enforcement Training Week Lawn Mower Day

(first Monday)

(date varies every year) (second full week)

(1-7)

(first full week)

May 1 September 1 June 22 October 28 May 18 April June 4 September 21 December 24 April March 19 April 18 May 1 May January May 9

425

Lazy Day Lazy Eye (Amblyopia) Month Leaders are Readers Day(Tuesday of National Family Reading Week) Leap Day Leap Second Time Adjustment Day Leap Second Time Adjustment Day Learn a Foreign Language Month Learn a Word Day Learn to Read a Road Map Day Learn to Ski Day Learn What Your Name Means Day Leave a Legacy® Month Birthday of Robert E. Lee Lee National Denim Day (first Friday) Left-Handers Day Legal Assistants Day Lei Day Leif Erikson Day Leil Selichot (Jewish holiday) Lemon Juice Day Anniversary of John Lennon’s murder LEON Day Leprechaun Day Less Than Perfect Day Letter Writing Day Let There Be Light Day Let’s All Eat Right Day Let’s Hug Day Let’s Talk Month Leukemia and Lymphoma Awareness Month Shari Lewis Day Liberty Bell Cracks Library Card Sign-up Month Library Lovers Month Library of Congress License Plates Birthday Lighter Car Day Life Balance Month Life Writing Month Lightning Safety Week (third full week) Limerick Day Birthday of President Abraham Lincoln Lincoln Penny Anniversary Birthday of Charles Lindbergh Lion Day Listening Day

August 10 October April 30 February 29 June 30 December 31 December October 16 April 4 January 19 March 6 April January 19 October 3 August 13 March 26 May 1 October 9 September 20 August 29 December 8 June 25 May 13 October 1 December 7 January 27 February 25 December 3 October September January 17 July 8 September February April 24 April 25 January 13 January November June May 12 February 12 August 2 February 4 November 26 April 9

426

Listen to Your Inner Critic Month Literacy Month Little Lamb Day Little League Month Little Red Wagon Day Lipstick Week (fourth week) Liver Awareness Month Loch Ness Monster Day Locomotive Day Log Cabin Day Lone Ranger Day Lone Ranger Day Long Distance Day Long Playing Record Day Long-Term Care Planning Month Long Walk-Day Look Alike Day Look at the Leaves Day Look on the Bright Side Day Look Up at the Sky Day Loosen Up, Lighten Up Day Lose Weight, Feel Great Week Lost Sock Memorial Day Louis Braille Day Louisiana Admission Day Lovable Lawyers Day Love a Tree Day Love Conquers All Day Love Your Independent Bookstore Month Love Your Pet Day Love Your Pet Week (third week) Low Vision Awareness Month Loyalty Day Lucky Penny Day Saint Lucy’s Day Lunar Eclipses (listed in order of event) Penumbral Lunar Eclipse (the Americas, Pacific, Australia) Penumbral Lunar Eclipse (Americas, Asia, Pacific, Australia) Lung Cancer Awareness Month Lung Health Day (fourth Wednesday) Lupus Awareness Day Lupus Awareness Month Lyme Disease Awareness Month

October September May 24 September November 15 December October May 22 February 21 June 25 January 30 September 14 January 25 September 18 October October 5 April 20 October 3 December 21 April 13 November 14 January 1-8 May 9 January 4 April 30 October 8 May 16 June 3 January February 20 February February May 1 May 23 December 13 April 15 October 8 November October 22 May 10 May May

427

Mad Hatter Day Birthday of President James Madison Magic Day The Magic of Differences Week Mail Order Catalog Printing Day Mail Your Cards Day Maine Admission Day Make a Difference Day Make a Gift Day Make a New Friend Day Make a Quilt Day Make a Will Month (also listed in May) “Make My Day” Day Make Paper Snowflakes Day Make Up Your Mind Day Make Your Bed Day Make Your Dream Come True Day Make Your Point Day Male Watcher Day Mall of America Birthday Man Watchers Week Maple Syrup Day March for Babies Marching Band Day Birthday of Rocky Marciano Mardi Gras Day Marfan Syndrome Awareness Month Margarine Birthday (Former) Marine Corps Day Marine Corps Day Marooned Without a Compass Day Marrow Donor Awareness Month Marshmallow Fluff Birthday Maryland Admission Day Mary Poppins Day M*A*S*H Premier Day Massachusetts Admission Day Mathematics Education Month

(fourth full week)

(fourth Saturday)

(third week)

October 6 March 16 October 31 October August 18 December 9 March 15 October 25 December 3 February 11 April 18 August May 31 December 27 December 31 September 10 January 13 January 28 January 8 August 11 January December 17 October November 6 September 1 February 27 February July 15 July 11 November 10 November 6 November May 14 April 28 August 29 September 17 February 6 April

428

May Day Mayflower Departure Anniversary Birthday of Willie Mays Christa McAuliffe Day McDonald’s Birthday Birthday of President William McKinley Measure Your Feet Day Mechanical Merry-Go-Round Birthday Mechanic’s Day Medic Alert Birthday Medic Alert Month Medical Assistants Recognition Week (third full week) Medication Safety Week (1-7) Meet a Mate Week (second full week) Melanoma Monday® (first Monday) Melanoma/Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month® Memo Day Memorial Day (observed the last Monday) Memory Day Menopause Awareness Month Men’s Month Mental Health Month Mental Illness Awareness Week (first full week) Mental Retardation Awareness Month Merry-Go-Round Birthday Metaphysical Awareness Month Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day Meteorite Day Meteor Showers (listed in order of event) Quadrantids Meteor Shower (peak January 2-3) Lyrids Meteor Shower (peak April 22-23) Eta Aquarids Meteor Shower (peak May 5-6) Delta Aquarids Meteor Shower (peak July 28-29) Perseids Meteor Shower (peak August 12-13) Draconids Meteor Shower (peak October 8-9) Orionids Meteor Shower (peak October 22-23) Taurids Meteor Shower (peak November 5-6) Leonids Meteor Shower (peak November 17-18) Geminids Meteor Shower (peak December 13-14) Ursids Meteor Shower (peak December 22,23) Meteor Shower 2014 (from Comet 209P/LINEAR) Metric System Day Mexican Independence Day Michigan Admission Day Mickey Mouse Club Birthday Mickey Mouse Day

May 1 September 16 May 6 January 28 April 15 January 29 January 23 July 25 March 1 March 26 August October April June May 5 May May 21 May 26 March 21 September June May October March May 17 September October 13 June 30 January 1-5 April 16-25 Apr19-May 28 Jul 12-Aug 23 Jul 17-Aug 24 Oct 6-10 Oct 2-Nov 7 Sept 7-Dec 10 Nov 6-30 Dec 7-17 Dec 17-25 May 24 January 18 September 16 January 26 October 3 November 18

429

Microfilm Day Microsoft Birthday Microwave Oven Birthday Microwave Oven Day Middle Children’s Day Middle Name Pride Day (Friday of the first full week) Midsummer Day Midsummer’s Eve Military Appreciation Month Military Family Appreciation Month Military Families Recognition Day (Monday before Thanksgiving) Milk Carton Day Milk in a Bottle Day Milk in Glass Bottles Day Miniature Gold Day (also celebrated the second Saturday in May) Minnesota Admission Day (third full week) Minority Cancer Awareness Week Mint Day Mischief Night Miss America Anniversary Missing Persons Day Mississippi Admission Day Missouri Admission Day Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood Anniversary Mitten Tree Day Model Railroad Month Model T Birthday Monarch Butterflies Day Monkees Birthday Monopoly Day Birthday of President James Monroe Montana Admission Day Birthday of Joe Montana Month of the Military Child Moon Phases: Full Moon Moon after Yule Snow Moon Sap Moon Grass Moon [also: Total Lunar Eclipse] Planting Moon Honey Moon, Flower Moon, Rose Moon, Strawberry Moon Thunder Moon Full Sturgeon Moon, Green Corn Moon, Grain Moon [also: Super Moon] Full Corn Moon, Fruit Moon or Harvest Moon

March 28 April 4 January 24 December 6 August 12 March 7 June 21 June 20 May November November 25 January 8 January 11 April 8 September 21 May 11 April April 2 October 30 September 8 January 3 December 10 August 10 May 22 December 6 November October 1 August 21 December 30 February 6 April 28 November 8 June 11 April January 15 February 14 March 16 April 15 May 14 June 12 July 12 August 10 September 8

430

Hunter’s Moon, Travel Moon or Blood Moon [also: Total Lunar Eclipse] Frosty Moon or Beaver Moon Moon before Yule or Long Nights Moon New Moon

October 8 November 6 December 6 January 1 January 30 March 1 March 30 April 29 May 28 June 27 July 26 August 25 September 24 October 23 November 22 December 21 June 16 May 1 May 11 October 26 November 10 May 14 May August 27 October 31 May 18 May January 27 April 30 August 1 February October 26 May March 5 February January 12 September November June 4 July 31 October June

Moon Eclipse (see Lunar Eclipe) Morticians Day Mother Goose Day (second Sunday) Mother’s Day Mother-in-law Day (fourth Sunday) Birth of the Motorcycle Motorcycle Riders Day Motorcycle Safety Awareness Month Motorist Consideration Day Mount Rushmore Anniversary Mount St. Helens Erupted Moving Month Mozart Day Mr. Potato Head Day MTV Birthday Mucular Degeneration Awareness Month Mule Day Multiple Chemical Sensitivity (MCS) Awareness Week (first full week) Multiple Personality Day Muscular Dystrophy Awareness Week (second week) Museum Day Mushroom Month Music Month Mustang Ford Car Birthday Mutts Day Mystery Series Week (first full week) Myasthenia Gravis Awareness Month

431

Birthday of Ralph Nadar Namesake Day (Sunday of the first full week) Name Your Car Day Name Your Own Holiday Day Birthday of NASA National Accordion Awareness Month National Activity Professionals Day National Activity Professionals Week (third full week) National Adopt a Shelter Cat Month National Adoption Day (the Saturday before Thanksgiving) National Adoption Week (week of Thanksgiving) National Agriculture Day National Agriculture Week (week including the first day of spring) National Air Traffic Control Day National Alcohol and Drug Addiction Recovery Month National Alcohol and Other Drug-Related Birth Defects Week National Alcohol Screening Day® (Thursday of the first full week) National Angel Food Cake Day National Animal Cracker Day National Animal Poison Prevention Week (third week, 17-23) (third week) National Anonymous Giving Week National Aphasia Awareness Month (first week) National Aplastic Anemia and MDS Awareness Week National Apple Dumpling Day National Applejack Month National Applesauce Cake Day National Arbor Day (last Friday) National Arthritis Month National ASK Day National Assisted Living Week® (second full week) National Asthma and Allergy Awareness Month National Atheist Day National Atheist Day National Attitude Day National Atrial Fibrillation Awareness Month National Author’s Day National Autism Awareness Month National Aviation Day

February 27 March 2 October 2 March 8 July 29 June January 27 January June November 22 November March 19 March July 6 September May April 10 October 10 April 18 March March June December September 17 October June 6 April 25 May June 21 September May April 1 April 13 June 5 September November 1 April August 19

432

National Baby Day National Backyard Games Week (last full week before Memorial Day) National Bad Hair Day National Badminton Day National Bake Sale Day (second Saturday) National Banana Cream Pie Day National Banana Lovers Day National Barbecue Day National Bargain Hunting Week (week starting the first Monday) National Bavarian Cream Pie Day National Beef Steak Month National Be Kind to Animals Week® (first full week) National Be Nice to Lawyers Day National Beverage Day National Bible Week (Sunday to Sunday of Thanksgiving week) National Bicarbonate of Soda Day (third Friday) National Bike-to-Work Day National Bike Month National Bird Day National Birth Defects Prevention Month National Bittersweet Chocolate with Almonds Day National Blonde Brownie Day National Blueberry Muffin Day National Blueberry Pancake Day National Blueberry Popsicle Day National Bologna Day National Book Blitz Month National Boost Your Self-Esteem Month National Boss Day National Bouillabaisse Day National Bow Tie Day National Box Car Day National Brandied Fruit Day National Bratwurst Day National Bratwurst Day National Breast Cancer Awareness Month National Brownie Day National Bubba Day National Bubble Week (fourth week) National Burglary Prevention Month National Business Image Improvement Month® National Business Women’s Week (third week) National Buttercrunch Day National Buttermilk Biscuit Day National Butterscotch Pudding Day National Caffeine Addiction Awareness Month

May 2 May December 6 March 22 May 10 March 2 August 27 July 4 August November 27 June May October 5 May 6 November December 30 May 16 May January 5 January November 7 January 22 July 11 January 28 September 2 October 24 January February October 16 December 14 August 28 August 31 October 20 August 3 August 16 October December 8 June 2 March June May October January 20 May 14 September 19 February

433

National Cake Day National Call in Single Day National Camping Week (last full week) National Cancer Control Month National Cancer Prevention Month National Cancer Survivors Day® (first Sunday) National Candied Orange Peel Day National Candy Day National Candy Month National Caramel Apple Day National Card Playing Day National Caregivers Day National Carry a Tune Week (week that includes the 7th) Birthday of President Jimmy Carter National Cartoonists Against Crime Day National Cartoonists Day National Cashew Day National Cat Day National Catfish Day National Cat Health Month National Caviar Day National Celiac Awareness Month National Cereal Day National Cheerleading Coaches Day National Cheese Ball Day National Cheesecake Day National Cheese Lover’s Day National Cherry Pie Month National Cherry Popover Day National Cherry Popsicle Day National Cherry Turnover Day National Child Abuse Prevention Month National Child Passenger Safety Awareness Week (second full week) National Child’s Day (first Sunday) National Children’s Dental Health Month National Children’s Memorial Day (second Sunday) National Chimney Safety Week (week starting the last Sunday) National Chip and Dip Day National Chocolate Celebration Day National Chocolate Chip Cookie Week (first week) National Chocolate-Covered Anything Day National Chocolate Covered Caramel Day National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day National Chocolate Covered Raisin Day National Chocolate Cupcake Day National Chocolate Day

November 26 February 14 June April February June 1 May 4 November 4 June October 31 December 28 September 15 October October 1 October 25 May 5 November 23 October 29 June 25 February July 18 May March 7 June 7 April 17 July 30 January 20 February Sepember 1 August 26 August 28 April February June 2 February December 14 September March 23 November 17 March December 16 March 19 January 3 March 24 October 18 October 28

434

National Chocolate Éclair Day National Chocolate Ice Cream Day National Chocolate Milkshake Day National Chocolate Mint Day National Chocolate Mousse Day National Chocolate Pudding Day National Chocolate Wafer Day National Cholesterol Education Month National Clam on the Half-Shell Day National Clean off Your Desk Day National Clergy Appreciation Day (second Sunday) National Clutter Awareness Week (fourth week) National Cocoa Day National Coffee Day National Coffee Ice Cream Day National Coffee Milkshake Day National Collision Awareness Month National Colo-rectal Cancer Awareness Month National Columnists Day National Concern About Young People and Violence Day National Condom Day National Condom Month National Condom Week (week of Valentine’s Day) National Congenital Cytomegalovirus (CMV) Awareness Month (first full week) National Consumer Protection Week National Convenience Store Day National Cookie Cutter Week (first week) National Corn Chip Day National Cotton Candy Day National Craft Month National Crayola Day National Cream-Filled Donut Day National Creamsicle Day National Creative Frugality Week (fourth week) National Crème Brule Day National Crime Victims’ Rights Week (6-12, 2014) National Critical Infrastructure Protection Month National Custodial Worker Day National Cut Your Energy Costs Day National Cybersecurity Awareness Month National Dairy Month National Dance Like a Chicken Day National Date Bread Day National Day of Learning (day after Thanksgiving) National Day of Prayer (first Thursday ) National Day of Reason (first Thursday)

June 22 June 7 September 12 February 19 April 3 June 26 July 3 September March 31 January 14 October 12 March December 13 September 29 September 6 July 26 March March April 18 October 18 February 14 February February June March July 11 December January 29 December 7 March April 25 September 14 August 14 January July 21 April December October 2 January 10 October June May 14 December 22 November 28 May 1 May 1

435

National Day of the Working Parent (second Thursday) National Day of Unplugging (sunset March 1 to sunset March 2) National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy National Dental Hygiene Month National Depression Screening Day® (first Thursday) National Dessert Day National Deviled Egg Day National Digestive Diseases Awareness Month National Disability Employment Awareness Month National Dog Week (third full week) National Don’t Utter a Word Day National Domestic Violence Awareness Month National Down Syndrome Awareness Month National Dress Up Your Pet Day National Drive-Thru Day National Drug Facts Week (second full week) (week starting the third Monday) National Drug-Free Work Week National Ducks and Wetlands Day National Eat a Peach Day National Eggs Benedict Day National Embroidery Month National Endometriosis Awareness Month National English Toffee Day National Epilepsy Awareness Month National Espresso Day National Etiquette Week (work week beginning the second Monday) National Eye Care Month National Eye Donor Month National Facial Protection Month National Family Caregivers Day (day before Thanksgiving) National Family Caregivers Month National Family History Day (on Thanksgiving) National Family Literacy Day National Family Reading Week (week ending the first Saturday of May) National Family Reading Week (week ending the first Saturday) National Family Recreation Day (first Saturday) National Family Recreation Week (1-7) National Family Volunteer Day (Saturday before Thanksgiving) National Family Week (week of Thanksgiving) National Farm and Ranch Safety Week (third full week) National Farm Joke Day National Farm Safety Day National Farm Safety and Health Week (third full week) National Farm Workers Day National Fast Food Day National Feral Cat Day

September 11 March 1-2 May 5 October October 2 October 14 November 2 May October September November 25 October October January 14 July 24 November October July 1 August 22 April 16 February March January 8 November November 24 May January March April November 26 November November 27 November 1 April May June 7 June November 23 November September November 17 September 20 September March 31 November 16 October 16

436

National Fiber Focus Month National Fig Week (first week) National Financial Awareness Day National Financial Wellness Month National Fire Prevention Week (week including the 9th) National Fire Safety Day National Fishing Week (first week) National Flag Week (week that includes the 14th) National Flossing Day (always the day after Thanksgiving) National Flower Day National Flower Week (third full week) National Folic Acid Awareness Week (fourth work week) National Food Bank Week (week including the 16th) National Food Service Employees Day National Foreign Language Week (first full week) National Forget-Me-Not Day (third week) National Forgiveness Week National Frankenstein Day National Fraud Awareness Week (first full week) National Freedom Day National French Toast Day National Fresh Breath Day National Fresh Fruit and Vegetables Month National Fresh Squeezed Juice Day National Fried Chicken Day National Friendship Day (first Sunday) National Friendship Week (third week) National Fritter Day National Frog Month National Frozen Custard Day National Frozen Food Day National Frozen Food Month National Frozen Yogurt Day National Frozen Yogurt Month National Fruitcake Day National FRUMP Day National Fudge Day National Garage Sale Day (second Saturday) National Garden Week (first full week) National Gazpacho Day National Get Out of the Doghouse Day National Geographic Day National Gingerbread Day National Girls and Women in Sports Day National Girlfriends Day National Glaucoma Awareness Month

January November August 14 January October December 7 June June November 29 October 7 September January October September 26 March November 10 June August 30 August February 1 November 28 August 6 June January 15 July 6 August 3 August December 2 April August 8 March 6 March February 6 June December 27 October 14 June 16 August 9 June December 6 July 16 January 27 June 5 February 2 August 1 January

437

National Golf Day Anniversary National Good Neighbor Day National Goof-Off Day National Graham Cracker Day National Grapefruit Month National Grape Popsicle Day National Grasslands Week (third week) National Grouch Day National Guacamole Day National Guitar Month National Gumbo Day National Gumdrop Day National Haiku Poetry Day National Hamburger Day National Hand Holding Day National Handshake Day National Hand Washing Awareness Week (first full week) National Handwriting Analysis Week (week that includes the 23rd) National Handwriting Day National Headache Awareness Week (first full week) National Head Lice Prevention Month National Health Care Quality Week (second full week) National Health Education Week (third week) National Healthy Skin Month (fourth full week) National Heritage Week National Hernia Awareness Month National High Blood Pressure Education Month National High Tech Month National Historic Preservation Week (first full week) National Hobby Month National Homemade Cookie Day National Honesty Day National Honey Bee Day National Hospice and Palliative Care Month National Hospital Week (second full week) National Hot Fudge Sundae Day National Hot Mulled Cider Day National Hot Tea Month National Hug Week National Hugging Day National Humane Education Month National Hummingbird Day (first Saturday) National Humor Month National Hunger Awareness Day National Hunting and Fishing Day® (fourth Saturday) National Ice Cream Day (third Sunday)

October 4 September 28 March 22 July 5 February May 27 June October 15 November 16 April October 12 February 15 December 22 May 28 August 9 June 28 December January January 23 June September October October November August June May January May January October 1 April 30 August 17 November May July 25 September 30 January May January 21 March September 6 April June 3 September 27 July 20

438

National Ice Cream Sandwich Day August 2 National Iced Tea Month June National Iguana Awareness Day (second Saturday) September 13 National I Love Cowboys and Cowgirls Day August 15 National Immunization Awareness Month August National Inane Answering Machine Day January 30 National Independent Retailers Week (week that includes the 21st) July National Infant Immunization Week (starts the fourth Sunday) April National Infant Mortality Awareness Month September National Invisible Chronic Illness Awareness Week (second full week) September National Jigsaw Puzzle Day January 29 National Junk Food Day July 21 National Kazoo Day January 28 National Kidney Month March National Kids Fitness Day May 4 National Kite Month April October 22 National Knee Day National Knitters Day December 11 National Lasagna Day July 29 National Laundry Workers Week (second week) July April National Lawn and Garden Month National League Birthday February 2 National Leave the Office Early® Day (first Wednesday) June 4 National Lemonade Day August 20 December 15 National Lemon Cupcake Day National Library Week (second full week) April National Licorice Day April 12 August 7 National Lighthouse Day National Little League Baseball Week (starts the second Sunday) June National Lipstick Day July 29 National Lollipop Day July 20 National Lost Penny Day ©1995 February 12 October 14 National lower case day National Macaroni Day July 7 National Macaroon Day May 31 National Mail order Gardening Month January National Mammography Day (third Friday) October 17 National Maritime Day May 22 National Marshmallow Toasting Day August 30 National Medal of Honor Day March 25 National Medical Librarians Month October National Medical Transcriptionist Week (third full week) May National Meeting Planners Appreciation Day(Monday of the first full week)May 6 National Men Make Dinner Day ™ (first Thursday) November 6 National Men’s Health Week (week before and including Father’s Day) June National Mental Health Counseling Week (first full week) May

439

National Mentoring Month National Mesothelioma Awareness Day National Metric Day National Metric Week (week including the 10th) National Military Spouse Appreciation Day (Friday before Mothers Day) National Milk Chocolate Day National Miniature Golf Day (second Saturday) National Minority Donor Awareness Day National Missing Children’s Day National Mole Day National Mom and Pop Business Owners Day National Multiple Sclerosis Education and Awareness Month National Mushroom Day National Music in Our Schools Month National Mustard Day (first Saturday) National Native American HIV/AIDS Awareness Day National Neighborhood Day (third Saturday) National Neurofibromatosis Month National Newspaper Week (first full week) (first Tuesday) National Night Out National Night Shift Workers Day (second Wednesday) National 911 Emergency Day National No Bully Week (second full school week) National No Homework Day National Noodle Month National Noodle Ring Day National Nothing Day National Nurses Day National Nurses Week(6-12, ending on Florence Nightingale’s birthday) National Nursing Assistants Week (starts the second Thursday) (second full week) National Nursing Home Week® National Nut Day National Nutrition Month® National Oatmeal Cookie Day National Oatmeal Day National Oatmeal Month National One-Hit Wonder Day National Open an Umbrella Indoors Day National Opposite Day National Optimism Month National Orange Blossom Day National Osteoporosis Awareness and Prevention Month National Parental Involvement Day™ (third Thursday) National Parents Day (fourth Sunday) National Parfait Day

January September 26 October 10 October May 9 July 28 May 10 August 1 May 25 October 23 March 29 March October 15 March August 2 March 20 September 20 May October August 5 May 14 September 11 September May 6 March December 11 January 16 May 6 May June May October 22 March April 30 October 29 January September 25 March 13 January 25 March June 27 May November 20 July 27 November 25

440

National Park Day National Park Service Day National Parks Month National Park Week (third full week) National Pastry Day National Pay Your Bills Week (first week) National Patient Safety Awareness Week (first full week) National Peach Ice Cream Day National Peanut Day National Peanut Month National Peanut Brittle Day National Peanut Butter Fudge Day National Peanut Butter and Jelly Day National Pediculosis Prevention Month National Penny Anniversary National Personal Self-Defense Awareness Month National Pest Control Month National Pet Memorial Day (second Sunday) National Pet Poison Prevention Week (third week, 16-22) National Pet Week (first full week) (second week) National Pet Peeve Week National Pharmacist Day National Philanthropy Day® National Philatelic Society Month (1-7) National Physical Education and Sport Week National Physical Fitness and Sports Month National Physical Therapy Month National Pickle Appreciation Day National Pig Day National Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Day National Pink Day National Pistachio Day National Pizza with the Works Except Anchovies’ Day National Poetry Day National Poetry Month National Poinsettia Day National Polka Dot Day National Popcorn Day 2013 National Popcorn Popping Day National Poison Prevention Week (third week, 16-22) National Policewoman Day National Postcard Week (first full week) National Potato Day National Potato Chip Day National Pound Cake Day National Pretty is as Pretty Does Day

August 3 August 25 August April December 9 February March July 17 September 13 March January 26 November 20 April 2 September August 2 January June September 14 March May October January 12 November 15 March May May October November 14 March 1 April 20 June 23 February 26 November 12 October 15 April December 12 January 22 February 3 December 23 March September 12 May August 19 March 14 March 4 August 2

441

National Pretzel Day National Primary Care Week (1 – 5) National Problem Gambling Awareness Week (second week) National Procrastinators Week (second week or third week) National Professional Pet Sitters Week (first full week) National Public Health Week (week starting the first Monday) National Public Lands Day (last Saturday) National Pumpkin Day National Punch Day National Punctuation Day® National Quilting Day (third Saturday) National Rabbit Week (third week) National Radio Day National Radio Month National Radon Action Month National Raspberry Cake Day (first full week) National Read a Road Map Week National Reading Group Month National Receptionist Day (second Wednesday) National Recycling Month National Rehabilitation Awareness Week (third full week) National Respect for Centenarians Day National Religious Freedom Day National Rice Pudding Day National Rocky Road Day National Rosacea Awareness Month National Rose Month (third full week) National Running and Fitness Week National Sachertorte Day National Safe Boating Week (third full week) National Salad Week (fourth week) National Salute to Hospitalized Veterans Week National Sanctity of Human Life Day National Sandwich Day National Sarcoidosis Awareness Month National Save Your Back Week (fourth full week) National School Backpack Awareness Day (third Wednesday) National School Breakfast Week (first full school week) National School Bus Safety Week (third full week) National School Counseling Week (first full week) National School Lunch Week (second full school week) National School Nurse Day (Wednesday between 6 - 12) National Science Month National Scleroderma Awareness Month National Scoliosis Awareness Month National Scrabble Week (second full week)

April 26 November March March March April September 27 October 26 September 20 September 24 March 15 July August 20 January January July 19 April October May 14 April September September 22 January 16 August 9 June 2 March June May December 5 May July February January 20 November 3 April October September 17 March October February October May 7 March June June August

442

National Scrapbook Day (first Saturday) National Seafood Month National Sea-Monkey® Day National Sea Serpent Day National Second-Hand Wardrobe Day National Senior Citizens Day National Senior Health and Fitness Day (last Wednesday) National Service Dog Month National Shrimp Scampi Day National Shut-in Visitation Day National Siblings Day National Sickle Cell Month National Sing-Out Day National Single Parent Day National Sleep Apnea Awareness Day National Sleep Awareness Week® (week starting the last Monday) National Sleep-In Day National Smith Day National S’mores Day National Snack Food Month National Sneakers Day National Soft Ice Cream Day National Soft Pretzel Month National Soup Month National Spinal Bifida Awareness Month National Spoil Your Dog Day National Splurge Day (week starting the last Sunday) National Spring Cleaning Week National Spring Fever Week (week including the first day of spring) National Spumoni Day National Static Cling Day National STD Awareness and Education Month National Step-Family Day National Storytelling Day National Strawberry Cream Pie Day National Strawberry Sundae Day National Stress Awareness Day National Student Day National Student Nurses Day National Sugar Cookie Day National Suicide Prevention Week (week that includes the 10th) National Sunscreen Protection Day National Survivors of Suicide Day 2013 (Saturday before Thanksgiving) National Swap Ideas Day National Sweet Potato Month National Taffy Day

May 3 June May 16 August 7 January 5 August 21 May 28 September April 29 February 11 April 10 September March 22 March 21 March 31 March November 3 January 6 August 10 February October 9 August 19 April January October August 10 June 18 March March August 21 April 26 April September 16 October 5 September 28 July 7 April 16 September 20 May 8 July 9 September May 27 November 22 September 10 February May 23

443

National Tap Dance Day National Tapioca Pudding Day National Teacher Appreciation Day (Tuesday of the first full week) National Teen Pregnancy Prevention Month National Telework Week (first full 5 day week, Monday-Friday) National Thrift Shop Day National Time Out Day National Tinsel Day National Tortellini Day National Tortilla Chip Day National Tourism Day National Toxic Encephalopathy and Chemical Injury Awareness Month National Trading Card Day National Traffic Directors Day National Trails Day® (first Saturday) National Transportation Week (week that includes the third Friday) (first full week) National Travel and Tourism Week National Tug-of-War Tournament Day National Umbrella Month National Unmarried and Single Americans Week (third full week) National Vanilla Cupcake Day National Vanilla Ice Cream Day National Veterinary Week (fourth week) National Vichyssoise Day National Video Games Day National Volunteer Blood Donor Month National Volunteer Week (6-13, 2014) (last Wednesday) National Walk@Lunch Day National Waltz Day National Watermelon Day National Weather Observers Day National Weatherperson’s Day National Weather Service Anniversary National Week of the Ocean (first full week) National Welding Month National Welsh Rarebit Day National Whiners Day National White Chocolate Cheesecake Day National White Chocolate Day National Wild Bird Feeding Month National Wilderness Day National Wildflower Week (second week) National Wildlife Week (second full week) National Wildlife Refuge Week (second full week) National Women and Girls HIV/AIDS Awareness Day National Women’s Friendship Day (third Sunday)

May 25 July 15 May 7 May March August 17 June 16 December 5 February 13 February 24 May 7 May February 24 November 2 June 7 May May July 21 March September November 10 July 23 August November 19 September 12 January April April 30 March 4 August 3 May 4 February 5 December 1 April April September 3 December 26 March 6 September 22 February September 3 May March October March 10 September 21

444

National Women’s Hall of Fame Anniversary National Women’s Health and Fitness Day (last Wednesday) National Women’s Health Week (second full week) National Women’s History Month National Work at Home Week (last full week) National Work From Home Week (first full week) National Write a Letter of Appreciation Week (1-7) National Write to Congress Day National Yoga Awareness Month National Young Readers Day (second Tuesday) National Yo-Yo Day National Youth Sports Safety Month National Zucchini Bread Day Native American Appreciation Day Native American Citizenship Day Native American Day (fourth Friday) (day after Thanksgiving) Native American Heritage Day Native American Heritage Month Native American Rights Day Nativity Scene Anniversary Nature Photography Day Navajo Code Talkers Day Navy Day Birthday of NBC Near Miss Day Nebraska Admission Day Neither Rain Nor Snow Day Neon Sign Day Neptune Birthday Neptune at Opposition Neuropathy Week (third full work week) Nevada Admission Day New Friends Day New Friends, Old Friends Week (third full week) New Hampshire Admission Day New Homeowners Day New Jersey Admission Day New Mexico Admission Day Newspaper Carrier Day Newspaper Day Sir Isaac Newton Day New Years Day New Year’s Eve New York Admission Day New York City Marathon (first Sunday) New York Times Birthday

July 21 September 24 May March March October March January 3 September November 11 June 6 April April 25 June 7 June 15 September 26 November 28 November May 12 December 25 June 15 August 14 October 27 September 9 March 23 March 1 September 7 January 19 September 23 August 27 May October 31 July 19 May June 21 May 1 December 18 January 6 September 4 September 25 December 25 January 1 December 31 July 26 November September 18

445

Night Baseball Anniversary 9-11 Anniversary 911 Day Birthday of President Richard Nixon No Beard Day Nobel Prize Awards Day No-Brainer Day No Dirty Dishes Day No Driving with Cell Phones Day No Fast Food Day No-Hitter Day No Interruptions Day (last business day) No More Dishpan Hands Day No Name-Calling Week (third work week) No News is Good News Day Norman Rockwell Day North American Occupational Safety and Health Week (first full week) North Carolina Admission Day North Dakota Admission Day North Pole Discovery Day (first full week) No Salt Week Nostalgia Week (fourth week) Nosy Neighbor Appreciation Day Notary Public Day (second week) No Tillage Week Nuclear Medicine Week (first full week) Number Please Day (fourth work week) Nurse Anesthetist Week Nutcracker Ballet Anniversary Nylon Day Nylon Stocking Day Nylon Toothbrush Day

May 24 September 11 February 16 January 9 October 18 December 10 February 27 May 18 November 1 April 15 July 15 December 31 April 1 January September 11 May 20 May November 21 November 2 April 6 October February April 17 November 7 January October January 28 January December 18 February 16 May 15 February 24

Oatmeal Muffin Day Birthday of President Barack Obama Obnoxious Day Occupational Therapy Day Occupational Therapy Month

December 19 August 4 February 24 October 14 April

446

Ohio Admission Day Oklahoma Admission Day Oklahoma Day Oklahoma City Bombing Commemoration Day Older Americans Mental Health Week (last full week) Older Americans Month Old Farmers Day Old Maid’s Day Old Rock Day Old Stuff Day 101 Dalmatians Birthday One Voice Day On-Hold Month Online Romance Week (second full week) On the Origin of the Species Anniversary Operating Room Nurse Day Operation Desert Storm Anniversary Opposites Attract Day Orange Juice Day Orbit Day Oreo Cookie Day Organ and Tissue Donor Awareness Week (third full week) Organ and Tissue Donor Day Organic Harvest Month™ (third week) Organize Your Files Week Organize Your Home Day Organize Your Home Office Day (second Tuesday) Oregon Admission Day Orphan Disease Month Orthodontic Health Month Osteopathic Medicine Month World Osteoporosis Day Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month Over The Rainbow Day Over Tip Your Waitstaff Week (second week) Oyster Day

March 1 November 16 April 22 April 19 May May October 12 June 4 January 7 March 2 January 25 December 31 March May November 24 November 14 January 17 December 14 May 4 February 20 March 6 April February 14 September April January 9 March 11 February 14 November October September October 20 September May 15 December May 5

Pack Rat Day

May 17

447

Pack Your Mom’s Lunch Day Birthday of Paddington Bear™ Saint Anthony of Padua Feast Day Pain Awareness Month Pajama Month Palm Sunday (Sunday before Easter) Pampers Birthday Pan American Day Pancake Week (week before Ash Wednesday) Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month Pandemonium Day Paper Clip Birthday Parachute Birthday Parade Day Paraprofessional Appreciation Day (first Wednesday) Pardon Me Day (third Thursday) National Parental Involvement Day™ Parents Without Partners Month Parking Meters Birthday Parkinson’s Awareness Month Rosa Parks Birthday Passover, Pesach (Jewish holiday) (date varies every year) Pasta Month Patriots’ Day (third Monday) Patriots Day Pause the World Day Pawnbrokers Day Peace Corps Anniversary Peace Corps Week (week that includes March 1st) Peace, Friendship, and Goodwill Week (24 – 30, 2014) Peace Officers Memorial Day Peace of Mind Week (1-7) Peach Blossom Day Peaches and Cream Day Peach Month Peanut Butter Lover’s Day Peanut Butter Lovers Month Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day Pecan Day Pecan Month Pecan Pie Day Peculiar People Day World Pediatric Bone & Joint (PB&J) Day Pediatric Nurse Practitioner Week (second week) Pencil Sharpener Birthday Penguin Awareness Day

November 15 June 25 June 13 September October April 13 September 9 April 14 February November July 14 May 29 October 22 November 9 April 2 September 8 November 20 March July 16 April February 4 April 15 October April 21 September 11 September 21 December 6 March 1 March October May 15 May March 3 June 21 July March 1 November December 7 March 25 April July 12 January 10 October 19 March November 23 January 20

448

Pennsylvania Admission Day J.C.Penny Birthday Pepsi-Cola Birthday Percolator Anniversary Perennial Gardening Month Perfect Game Day PeriOperative Nurse Week (second full week) Perpetual Youth Day Personal History Month Pesach, Passover (Jewish holiday) (date varies every year) Pesach Sheni (Jewish holiday) (date varies every year) Pet First Aid Awareness Month Pharmacy Week (third full week) PHF Sibling Appreciation Day Philatelic Exhibition Month Phonograph Day Phonograph Patent Day Photo Developing Day Physician Assistant Day Physician Assistants Week (second week) Piano Month Pi Approximation Day Pi Day Pick Blueberries Day Picnic Month Pie Day Pie in the Face Day Pie Month Pierce Your Ears Day Birthday of President Franklin Pierce Pig Callers Day Piggy Bank Day Pig in a Blanket Day Pink Flamingo Day Pins and Needles Day Pistol Patent Day Pizza Month Pizza Week (second week) Plain Yogurt Day Plan a Solo Vacation Day Plant a Flower Day Plant Something Day Plant the Seeds of Greatness Month Plan Your Epitaph Day Plate Tectonics Day Play Basketball Day

December 12 January 17 June 16 December 26 June May 5 November November 30 May April 15 May 14 April October September 15 May November 22 December 24 January 17 October 6 October September July 22 March 14 July 14 July January 23 November 27 February September 2 November 23 June 14 November 2 April 24 May 29 November 27 February 25 October January June 20 March 1 March 12 May 19 February November 2 November 1 December 2

449

Play Bingo Day Play-Doh® Day Playground Safety Week (last week) Play in the Sand Day Play Monopoly Day Pleasure Your Mate Month Pledge of Allegiance Day Pledge of Allegiance Day Plumbers Day Plush Animal Lovers Day Pluto Day Edgar Allen Poe Day Poetry Reading Day Poison Prevention Awareness Month Polar Bear Day Police Officers Who Gave Their Lives in the Line of Duty Week Police Radio Day Police Week (week that includes the 15th) Birthday of President James K. Polk Pomegranate Month Pony Express Day Anniversary of Poor Richard’s Almanac Popcorn Poppin’ Month Pop-Tarts® Birthday Pop-up Toaster Birthday Pork Month Positive Attitude Month Positive Postcard Day Positive Thinking Day Postage Stamp Anniversary Postcard Birthday Post-It® Notes Day Post Office Anniversary Postmaster General Day Potato Lovers Month Potato Month Birthday of Beatrix Potter Poultry Day Poverty in America Awareness Month POW/MIA Recognition Day (third Friday) Preakness (third Saturday) Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day Pregnancy Fitness Awareness Day Prematurity Awareness Day (third Tuesday) Prematurity Awareness Month Prenatal Infection Awareness Month

December 18 September 16 April August 11 November 19 September September 8 December 28 April 25 October 28 February 18 January 19 April 28 March February 27 April July 10 May November 2 November April 3 October November 29 May 27 October October January 2 September 13 July 1 October 1 April 6 February 20 July 26 February September July 28 March 19 January September 19 May 17 October 15 May 3 November 18 November October

450

Presidential Inauguration Day Presidential Joke Day Presidents Day 2013 Prescription Errors Education and Awareness Week (24 -31) Pretzel Month Prevent Injuries Month Pride in Food Service Week (first full work week) Prime Number Day Primrose Month Private Eye Day Profess Your Love Day Professional Photographer’s Month Professional Social Work Month Prom/Graduation Safety Month Prostate Cancer Awareness Month Prostate Cancer Awareness Week (third full week) Prune Breakfast Month Psoriasis Awareness Month PTA® Founders Day PTA® Teacher Appreciation Week (first full week) Public Library Day Public School Volunteer Week (third full week) Public Service Day Public Television Birthday Pulmonary Hypertension Awareness Month Pulmonary Rehabilitation Week (second full week) Pumpkin Pie Day Pumpkin Pie Day Purim, Shushan Purim (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) Purim Katan (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) Purple Heart Award Day Purposeful Parenting Month (second full week) Pursuit of Happiness Week Puzzle Day Puzzle Day

January 20 August 11 February 18 October October April February January 25 February July 23 June 9 May March May September September January August February 17 May April 9 April June 23 November 3 November March November 21 December 25 March 17 February 14 August 6 July November January 19 July 13

Quirky Alone Day Quirky Country Music Song Titles Day

February 14 March 27

451

Rabbit Day (fourth Saturday) September 27 Race Unity Day (second Sunday) June 8 Radiologic Technology Week (week including the 8th) November Radon Action Week (third full week) October Rain Day July 29 Raggedy Ann’s Birthday September 7 RAINN Day (fourth Thursday) September 25 Raisin Day April 30 Rampant Inflation Day January 7 Random Acts of Kindness Day February 17 Random Acts of Kindness Week (week starting the second Monday) February Random Acts of Kindness Month February Rape Survivor Day January 9 June 26 Rat-catchers Day Rat-catchers Day July 22 Ratification Day January 14 Reach as High as You Can Day April 12 March 2 Read Across America Day Read a Book Day September 6 Read a Child a Book You Like Day September 28 Read an E-Book Week (first full week) March December Read a New Book Month Reading is Fun Week (second full week) May Birthday of President Ronald Reagan February 6 Really Long Distance Day January 7 Rebel Day February 8 June Rebuild Your Life Month Recess at Work Day June 15 Recommitment Month May April 2 Reconciliation Day Recreational Water Illness Prevention Week (the week ending on Memorial Day) May Recreation and Parks Month July Recyclable Packaging Day December 26 Red Planet Day November 28 Reference Book Month January Relationship Renewal Day May 4 Relationship Wellness Month February

452

Remember the Loss of a Child Month Remembrance Day Reminiscence Week (third week) Remote Control Day Repeat Day Reptile Awareness day Respect for Parents Day Respect Your Cat Day Respiratory Care Week (fourth full week) Responsible Pet Owner Month Restless Leg Syndrome Education and Awareness Week(third full week) Resurrect Romance Week (second full week) Rett Syndrome Awareness Month Return Borrowed Books Week (first week) Return-Your-Gifts Day Reunion Planning Month Paul Revere Day Revise Your Work Schedule Month Revolutionary War Anniversary Reye’s Syndrome Awareness Month Rhode Island Admission Day Rhubarb Day Ribbons and Wrap Day Rice Month Richter Scale Day Rid the World of Fad Diets and Gimmicks Day Ride the Wind Day (third Wednesday) Ride to Work Day Right-Brainers Rule Month Rivers Month Robert Kennedy Assassination Anniversary Christopher Robin’s Birthday Jackie Robinson Day Robinson Crusoe Day Jackie Robinson Day Birthday of Sugar Ray Robinson Rock and Roll Day Rock n’ Roll Day Rocky Mountain National Park Anniversary Rodeo Anniversary Mr. Rogers Day Roller Coaster Day Roller Rink Birthday Roller Skating Day Roller Skating Month Romance Awareness Month

October November 11 January June 29 June 3 October 21 August 1 March 28 October February September August October March December 28 September January 1 May April 19 September May 29 January 11 December 4 September April 26 January 17 August 23 July 16 October June June 5 August 21 January 31 February 1 April 15 May 3 January 8 July 9 January 26 July 4 March 20 March 22 August 11 January 12 October August

453

Romance Day Birthday of President Franklin D. Roosevelt Franklin D. Roosevelt Election Anniversary Birthday of President Theodore Roosevelt Root Canal Awareness Week (week starting the last Sunday) Roots Day Rosa Parks Day Rosh Hashanah (Jewish New Year) (date varies each year) Betsy Ross Day Rounds Resounding Day Route 66 Birthday Rowboat Day Birthday of J.K. Rowling Roy Rogers TV Show Anniversary RSV Awareness Month Rubber Band Day Rubber Eraser Day Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer Birthday RV Lifestyle Week (23-29)

August 14 January 30 November 5 October 27 March December 23 December 1 September 25 January 1 August 1 November 11 August 30 July 31 December 30 October March 17 April 15 December 25 April

Sacagawea Day Sadie Hawkins Day (first Saturday on or after the 9th) Safe Toys and Gifts Month Safety Pin Day Safety Razor Birthday Saint Nicholas Day Salad Month Salesperson Day (first Friday) Dr. Jonas Salk Day Salsa Month Salvation Army Day Sandcastle Day Sandpaper Birthday San Francisco Cable Car Day (second week) Santa Dear Santa Letter Week Santa’s List Day Sarcasm Month Saturn Night (Saturn at Opposition) Sauntering Day

December 20 November 15 December April 10 November 15 December 6 May March 7 March 26 May March 10 August 17 June 14 August 1 November December 4 October April 28 June 19 454

Sausage Pizza Day SAVE Today (second Wednesday) Save the Tiger Month Save Your Hearing Day Save Your Vision Month Save Your Vision Week (first full week) Saxophone Day Say Hello! Day Say Hi to Mom Day Scavenger Hunt Day Schizophrenia Awareness Week (third full week) School Board Recognition Month School Bus Drivers Appreciation Day (first Monday) School Bus Drivers Day (fourth Tuesday) School Crossing Guard Week (second week) School Librarian Day School Library Media Month School Lunch Superhero Day (first Friday) School Pride Day (Tuesday of American Education Week) School Principals Day School’s Out Month School Success Month Birthday of Charles Schulz Science Fiction Day Scientific Literature Day Scooby-Doo Birthday Scoop the Poop Week (fourth week) Scrabble Day Sea Cadet Month Second-Hand Shopping Week (fourth week) Second Honeymoon Weekend (Friday to Sunday following Valentine’s) Secret Pal Day Secret Service Anniversary Seeing Eye Dog Day Self-Awareness Month Self-Improvement Month Self-Renewal Day Send a Card to a Friend Day Send a Smile Day Senior Women’s Travel Month Separation of Church and State Day Serendipity Day Sesame Street Day Saint Elizabeth Ann Seton Feast Day Severe Weather Awareness Week (date varies by state) Sew Be It! Day

October 11 October 8 September May 31 March March November 6 March 7 March 5 May 24 May January May 5 April 22 January April 4 April May 2 November 18 May 1 May September November 26 January 2 October 22 September 13 April April 13 September March February January 13 April 14 January 29 September September February 2 February 7 October 1 January October 28 January 28 November 10 January 4 March September 10

455

Sewing Lovers Day October 15 Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month April Shabbat Shuva (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) September 27 Shallow Persons Awareness Week (second full week) November Shampoo Day October 20 Share a Smile Day March 1 Shavuot, Festival of Weeks (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) June 4 “She’s Funny That Way” Day March 31 Shmini Atzeret (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) October 16 Shooting Star Day August 24 Shopping Cart Birthday March 15 Shredded Wheat Birthday July 31 Shushan Purim (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) March 17 Sibling Appreciation Day May 2 Sidewalk Egg Frying Day July 4 Sierra Club Anniversary May 28 May Sight-Saving and Ultraviolet Awareness Month Significant Other Day May 5 Signing of the Endangered Species Act February 3 Sign Up for Summer Camp Month December December 24 Silent Night Anniversary Silly Putty® Day January 3 Simchat Torah (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) October 17 Simplicity Day July 12 (first week) August Simplify Your Life Week Single-Parent Family Day August 24 Single-Tasking Day February 21 (day after Thanksgiving) November 29 Sink Day Sir Paul Day March 11 Sisters Day (first Sunday) August 3 Sit Back and Relax Day August 15 Skating Week (third week) January October 13 Skeptics Day Skin Care Awareness Month July Skippy® Peanut Butter Day February 1 Skyscraper Day September 3 Skywriting Birthday November 28 Sleep Comfort Day December 15 Sleep Comfort Month November Sleep Safety Month February Slumber Party Day November 22 Small Business Saturday® (Saturday after Thanksgiving)November Small Press Month March Smart Irrigation Month July Smiles are Contagious Day February 8 Smile Power Day June 15

456

Smile Week (second week) Smithsonian Institute Anniversary Smoke and Mirrors Day Smokey Bear’s Birthday Smoking is Bad for You Day Sneak a Kiss Day Sneak Zucchini onto Your Neighbor’s Porch Night Snoopy’s Birthday Snowman Burning Day (first day of spring) Snow White Anniversary Soccer Player Day Social Security Act Day Social Security Day Softball Birthday Solar Eclipse (Australia) Solo Diners Eat Out Week (1st through 7th) SomeDay “Someday We’ll Laugh About This” Week (first full week) Son and Daughter Day Sony Walkman Birthday Soul Food Month South Carolina Admission Day South Dakota Admission Day Southern Belles Month South Pole Day Spaghetti Day Spaghetti-Os Birthday Spam Birthday Spam Day Birthday of Sparky the Fire Dog Spay Day USA Speak Up and Succeed Day Special Delivery Birthday Special Education Day Special Education Week (third week) Special Librarians Day Special Recreation for the Disabled Day Special Recreation Week (first week) Spiderman’s Birthday Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month Spinal Health Month Spinal Muscular Atrophy Awareness Month World Spine Day Spinning and Weaving Week (first full week) Sports and Home Eye Safety Month Sports Day

August August 10 March 29 August 9 January 11 June 15 August 8 October 4 March 20 December 21 October 23 August 14 January 31 November 24 May 10 February September 15 January August 11 July 1 June May 23 November 2 April December 14 January 4 May 16 July 5 May 16 March 18 February 26 January 22 October 1 December 2 January April 13 July 2 July August 1 September October August October 16 October September August 1

457

Sports Eye Safety Month Sports Trivia Week (third week) Spouse’s Day Spring Equinox Square Dance Day Square Dance Day (also celebrated January 24) Square Dance Month Squirrel Appreciation Day Squirrel Appreciation Week (first full week) Stamp Collecting Month Stand for Children Day Richard Starkey Day Star-Spangled Banner Day Star-Spangled Banner Debut Start of Passover (April 14 – April 22) Statue of Liberty Day (third Monday) Stay at Home with Your Kids Day Stay Out of the Sun Day Stay Young Forever Day Steakhouse Month Steel Plow Day Stepfather’s Day Stepmother’s Day (third Sunday) Step-parent Week (first week) Stick Out Your Tongue Day Sticky Bun Day Sticky Stamp Day Stock Market Crash Stone House Day (second Saturday) STOP a Suicide Today (Thursday of the week including the 10th) Stop Bad Service Day Stop the Violence Day Stop the Violence and Save Our Kids Month Stop! Yield! Day St. Patrick’s Day Birthday of Levi Strauss Strawberry Ice Cream Day Strawberry Month Strawberry Parfait Day Straw Hat Month Streetcar Birthday Stress Awareness Month Stress-Free Family Holidays Month Student Safety Month Student Volunteer Day Stuffed Mushroom Day

April March January 26 March 20 January 24 November 29 September January 21 October October June 1 December 25 March 3 October 19 April 14 June 17 August 18 July 3 January 20 June May 6 January 9 May 18 June July 19 February 21 February 15 October 29 July 12 September 11 March 5 November 22 September January 20 March 17 February 26 January 15 May June 25 April November 14 April December June February 20 February 4

458

Student Government Day (first Friday) Stupid Guy Thing Day Sturge-Weber Awareness Month Stuttering Awareness Day Stuttering Awareness Week (second full week) Subliminal Communication Month Submarine Day Substance Abuse Prevention Month Substitute Teacher Appreciations Week (second full school week) Sudden Infant Death Syndrome Awareness Month Sugar Cone Day Suicide Awareness Week (first full week) Sukkot, Feast of Tabernacles (Jewish holiday – date varies each year) Summer Leisure Day Summer Solstice Sun Awareness Day (second Saturday) (third Sunday) Sundae Sunday Sunday School Teacher Appreciation Day (third Sunday) Sunglasses Birthday Sunglasses Day (first full week) Sun Safety Week Sunshine Week (week that includes the 16th) Super Bowl Sunday 2013 Superman’s Birthday Suspenders Day Surviving Rejection Day Swallows Return to San Juan Capistrano Day (third Sunday) Sweetest Day Sweet Potato Day (first Monday) Swim a Lap Day Swimming Pool Day Synergy Week International (third full week) (last Friday) System Administrator Appreciation Day

April 4 June 22 May October 22 May September March 17 October September October January 29 May October 9-15 July 22 June 21 May 10 July 20 October 19 July 1 June 27 June March February 3 June 1 October 20 April 6 March 19 October 19 April 7 June 24 July 11 October July 25

Tackle Your Clutter Month Taco Day (also celebrated on October 4) Taco Day (also celebrated on June 12) Birthday of President William Howard Taft

April June 12 October 4 September 15

459

Tailors Day (first Wednesday) Take a Chance Day Take a Hike Day Take a Smart Risk Week (1 – 7) Take a Walk Day Take a Walk in the Park Day Take a Wild Guess Day Take Charge of Change Week (first full week) Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day (fourth Thursday) Take Your Child to a Bookstore Day (first Saturday) Take Your Dog to Work Day (fourth Friday) Take Your Pet to Work Week (fourth week) Take Your Teddy Bear to Work and School Day (second Wednesday) Talk About Prescriptions Month Talking Motion Picture Birthday Talk to Your Cat Day Birthday of “Betty Marie” “Maria” Tallchief Talk to Your Teens about Sex Month Tape Measure Birthday Tartan Day Tattoo Pride Day Tavern Day Tax Day aka Freak-Out Day Taxicab Birthday Birthday of President Zachary Taylor Teach Children to Save Day (last Tuesday) Tear the Tags Off the Mattress Day Techies Day Tech Support Appreciation Day Teddy Bear Day Teddy Bear Day Teddy Bear’s Picnic Day (third full week) Teen Read Week Teflon® Day Telecommuter Appreciation Week (week starting the last Sunday) Telegraph Day Telephone Day Telescope Birthday Television Birthday Tell a Fairy Tale Day Tell a Joke Day Tell a Lie Day Tell a Story Day Teller Appreciation Week (first full work week) Tell Someone They’re Doing a Good Job Week (third week) Tell the Truth Day

June 4 April 23 November 17 May December 30 March 30 April 15 July April 24 December 5 June 27 June October 8 October October 6 January 22 January 24 March July 14 April 6 January 11 March 4 April 15 August 13 November 24 April 29 May 9 October 3 June 30 September 9 November 18 July 10 October April 6 February January 6 March 10 July 26 January 26 February 26 August 16 April 4 April 27 October December January 18

460

Temporary Insanity Day Ten-Four Day Tennessee Admission Day Tennis Month Tennis Shoe Birthday Birthday of Mother Teresa Testicular Cancer Awareness Month Testicular Cancer Awareness Week (1 - 7) Texas Admission Day Thank a Cow Week (second week) Thank a Postal Worker Day Thank a Programmer Day Thank a School Librarian Day (Wednesday of the first full week) Thank a Soldier Week (19 – 25) Thanks for all the Gifts Week (third week) Thanksgiving (fourth Thursday) First Official Thanksgiving Day Thank You Card Day Thank You Day (also celebrated on September 20) Thank You Week (second week) The Day the Music Died The Great Backyard Bird Count Weekend (15th – 18th) Therapeutic Recreation Week (second full week) Thermometer Birthday Thermos Bottle Day Thesaurus Day Birthday of Dylan Thomas Three Mile Island Day Thrift with Flair Day Throw Out Your Leftovers Day Thumb Appreciation Day Thyroid Awareness Month Ticker-Tape Parade Birthday Tie Month Tie One On For Safety (Thanksgiving to December 31) Tie One on For Safety® Time Management Month Time Zone Day Time Zones Anniversary Tin Can Day Tinnitus Awareness Week (third full week) Tire Safety Week (first full week) Tish'a B'Av, the Ninth of Av (Jewish holiday – date varies each year) Titanic Remembrance Day TMJ Awareness Month To Be or Not To Be Day

February 19 October 4 June 1 May June 25 August 26 April April December 29 January February 4 September 13 May 8 December August November 27 November 26 January 11 August 12 January February 3 February July December 22 January 31 January 18 October 27 March 28 January 2 November 29 February 18 January October 28 December November December February March 19 November 18 January 19 May June August 5 April 15 November April 23

461

Toddler Month Toilet Paper Birthday Tolerance Week (first week) Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Anniversary Tony the Tiger’s Birthday Toothbrush Birthday Tooth Fairy Day Tooth Fairy Day Toothpaste Tube Birthday Toothpick Day Tootsie Roll Day Toot Your Flute Day Toss Away the “Could Haves” and “Should Haves” Day Totally Chipotle® Day Touch-Tone Telephone Birthday Tour de France Month Tourist Appreciation Day Tournament of Roses Parade Day Tournament of Roses Parade (alternate date) Traffic Light Day Traffic Lights Birthday Trail of Tears Commemoration Day Trail Mix Day Transatlantic Telephone Anniversary Transcontinental Telegram Birthday Trauma Awareness Month World Trama Day Traveler’s Check Day Travelers with Disabilities Week (last week) Trick or Treat for UNICEF Day Trick or Treat for UNICEF Month Triple Play Day Trivia Day Truck Drivers Day True Love Forever Day Truffles Day Birthday of President Harry S. Truman Trust Your Intuition Day Try a New Recipe Day Tubeless Tire Day Tuberous Sclerosis Awareness Month Tu BiShvat (Jewish New Year for Trees) (date varies each year) Tulip Day Tuna Rights Day Turkey Lovers Month Turn Your Radio on Day

August August 26 December November 11 July 18 June 26 February 28 August 22 May 22 February 20 February 23 October 4 July 15 May 5 November 18 July May 6 January 1 January 2 November 20 August 5 September 16 August 31 September 24 October 24 May October 17 January 1 November October 31 October July 19 January 4 August 12 August 16 May 2 May 8 May 10 November 8 May 11 May January 16 May 13 April 21 June January 13

462

Turtle Races Day Tutor Appreciation Day Tuxedo Day Color TV Anniversary TV Dinner Day TV Game Show Day TV Guide Birthday TV Talk Show Host Day TV Turn-off Week (third week) TV Turn-off Week (third week) Tweed Day Twilight Zone Birthdy Twinkies Twist Off Cap Day Two-way Telephone Conversation Anniversary Birthday of President John Tyler Typewriter Day Tzom Gedaliah (Jewish holiday, fast) (date varies each year)

June 12 April 8 October 10 December 17 April 6 January 24 April 3 October 23 April September April 3 October 2 April 6 January 31 October 9 March 29 June 23 September 28

Ugly Pickup Truck Day Ugly Truck Day Umbrella Day Underdog Day 2014 UNICEF Anniversary Unicycle Day Unique Name Day United Nations Day United States Postal Service Day Unity in Diversity Day Universal Children’s Day Universal Children’s Week Universal Father’s Week Universal Hour of Peace Universal Human Rights Month Universal Letter-Writing Week Uno Birthday National Day of Unplugging Unsliced Bread Day Uppity Women Day

(third Friday)

(Tuesday of the first full week)

(first week) (third full week)

(sunset March1 to sunset March 2)

October 28 July 20 February 10 December 19 December 11 January 10 March 4 October 24 September 26 May 7 November 20 October June December 31 December January 8-14 September 25 March 1-2 January 18 March 7 463

Uranus at Opposition Urinal Day U.S. Air Force Birthday U.S. Air Force Academy Day U.S. Army Birthday U.S. Congress Anniversary U.S. Department of Justice Anniversary U.S. Elephant Day U.S. Golf Association Anniversary U.S. Naval Academy Anniversary U.S. Navy Birthday U.S. Navy Memorial Anniversary U.S. Nickel Day USO Anniversary Day U.S. Patent Office Anniversary U.S. Post Office Anniversary U.S. Post Office Anniversary Used Car Dealership Birthday Utah Admission Day UV Safety Month

October 3 March 27 September 18 June 3 June 14 March 4 June 22 April 13 December 22 October 10 October 13 October 12 May 16 February 4 July 31 May 8 September 22 October 22 January 4 July

Vacuum Cleaner Birthday Valentine’s Day Birthday of President Martin Van Buren Vanilla Milkshake Day VCR Birthday V-E Day Vegetarian Food Day Vermont Admission Day Veterans Day VFW Day Victoria Day (Monday on or before May 24) Video Games Day Video Game Week (first week) Vietnam War End Anniversary Birthday of Leonardo da Vinci Vinyl Record Day Violet Month

June 8 February 14 July 24 June 20 June 7 May 8 July 11 March 4 November 11 September 29 May 19 July 8 August April 30 April 15 August 12 February

464

Violin Day Virginia Admission Day Vision Research Month Virtual Love Day Visit the Zoo Day Visit Your Relatives Day Vitamin C Day Viva Viagra Day V-J Day Volunteers Week Volunteer Recognition Day Vulvar Health Month

(1 - 7)

December 13 June 25 June July 24 December 27 May 18 March 16 March 27 September 2 June April 20 March

Waffle Day Waffle Week Waffle Iron Day Wagons Ho! Day Waitstaff Day Walk Around Things Day Walk for Diabetes Month Walk on Stilts Day Walk to School Month Walk to Work Day Walk Your Pet Month Walt Disney World Day Washington Admission Day Birthday of President George Washington Watch a Squirrel Day Water Gardening Month Water Quality Month WAVES Day Wear Brown Shoes Day Wear Purple for Peace Day Wear Red Day 2013 Wear Something Gaudy Day Weather Day Wedding March Day Weed Your Garden Day Week of the Young Child

(first full week)

(first Friday)

(second full week)

August 24 September June 29 May 1 May 21 April 4 October July 27 October April 4 January October 1 November 11 February 22 October 18 July August July 30 December 4 May 16 February 1 October 17 February 9 January 25 June 13 April 465

Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day West Point Anniversary West Virginia Admission Day What Do You Love About America? Day Wheelchair Beautification Month Where’s the Beef? Day Where the Wild Things Are Day Whisper “I Love You” Day White Cane Safety Day Birthday of Eli Whitney Whole Grains Month Whooping Crane Day Wicket World of Croquet® Day Wife Appreciation Day Wiffle Ball Birthday Wiggle Your Toes Day Birthday of Laura Ingalls Wilder Wilderness Week (third week) Willie Hoppe Day Birthday of President Woodrow Wilson Birthday of Oliver Winchester Windmill Day (second Saturday) Birthday of Oprah Winfrey Winnie-the-Pooh Anniversary Winnie-the- Pooh Day Winter Begins 2012, 2013, 2014 Winter Flowers Day Winter Olympics Anniversary Winter Solstice 2012, 2013, 2014 Win With Civility Month Wisconsin Admission Day Wise Health Consumer Month Wizard of Oz Day Women in Medicine Day Women in Military Service Memorial Women in Trousers Day Women’s Check-up Day Women’s E-Commerce Awareness Day Women’s Equality Day Women’s Eye Health and Safety Month™ Women’s Health Care Month Women’s Health Consumer Month Women’s Healthy Weight Day Women’s Heart Health Day 2013 Women’s Heart Health Month Women’s Heart Health Week

March 30 March 16 June 20 (day before Thanksgiving) November 26 July January 10 June 10 January 19 October 15 December 8 September May 28 (second Saturday) June 14 September 16 August 14 August 6 February 7 September January 15 December 28 November 30 May 11 January 29 October 14 January 18 December 21 December 8 January 25 December 21 August May 29 February August 15 January 23 October 18 May 28 (Monday after Mothers Day) May 12 September 19 August 26 April May February January 24 February 15 February (first week) February

466

Women’s Motorcycle Month Women’s Nutrition Week (starts Monday of the first full week) Women’s Right to Vote Day Women’s Rights in Wyoming Day Women’s Self-Empowerment Week (first full week) Women’s Small Business Month Women’s World Day of Prayer (first Friday) Woodward Dream Cruise Day (third Saturday) Woodworking Month Wordsmith Day Word Nerd Day Workaholics Day Work at Home Fathers Day (Friday before Father’s Day) Work at Home Moms Week (first full week) Work Like a Dog Day Workplace Conflict Awareness Month Workplace Eye Safety Month Workplace Napping Day (Monday after Daylight Savings Time starts) Workplace Politics Awareness Month Work Zone Awareness Week 2014 (7 - 11) World AIDS Day World Animal Day World Arthritis Day World Blood Donor Day World Book Night US 2014 World Chocolate Day World Chocolate Day (first Friday) World Community Day World Communication Week (1-7) World Creativity and Innovations Week (15-19) World Day to Combat Desertification World Egg Day (second Friday) World Environment Day World Food Day World Gratitude Day World Habitat Awareness Month World Habitat Day (first Monday) World Health Day World Heart Day (last Sunday) World Hello Day World Hug Week (third week) World Hunger Awareness Month World Information Society Day World Juggling Day (Saturday closest to June 17th) World Kidney Day World Kindness Day

July April November 2 December 10 January October March 7 August 16 April May 3 January 9 July 5 June 14 May August 5 April March March 11 October April December 1 October 4 October 12 June 14 April 23 February 12 September 4 November 7 November April June 17 October 10 June 5 October 16 September 21 April October 6 April 7 September 28 November 21 July October May 17 June 14 March 11 November 13

467

World Kindness Week World Listening Day World Marriage Day World Meningitis Day World Mental Health Day World Menopause Day World Meteorological Day World Mosquito Day World No Tobacco Day World Oceans Day World Osteoporosis Day World Pasta Day World Peace Meditation Day World Pediatric Bone & Joint (PB&J) Day World Penguin Day World Photography Day World Pizza Maker’s Day World Poetry day World Population Day World Puppetry Day World Rabies Day World Rainforest Week World Red Cross Red Crescent Day World Series Birthday World Series Radio Broadcast Anniversary World Series TV Premier World Smile Day® World Spine Day World Suicide Prevention Day World Teacher’s Day World Television Day World Thinking Day World Trauma Day World Tuberculosis Day World Turtle Day World Vegetarian Day World Vegetation Day World Water Day Birthday of the World Wide Web (WWW) Birthday of Steve Wozniak Wrench Birthday Wright Brothers’ First Flight Anniversary Wrinkled Raincoat Day Write a Business Plan Month Write to Your Father Day Write to a Friend Month

(second week)

(fourth Friday)

(second full week)

(first Friday)

(second Sunday)

November July 18 February 10 April 25 October 10 October 18 March 21 August 20 May 31 June 8 October 20 October 25 December 31 October 19 April 25 August 19 October 25 March 21 July 11 April 21 September 28 October May 8 October 1 October 5 September 30 October 3 October 16 September 10 October 5 November 21 February 22 October 17 March 24 May 23 October 1 November 1* March 22 August 6 August 11 August 17 December 17 September 16 December June 8 December

468

Write Your Memoirs Day Wrong Way Day Wyoming Admission Day

April 1 July 17 July 10

X-ray Day

November 8

Yale Lock Day Yellowstone Day Yellowstone Park Day YMCA Birthday YMCA Birthday YMCA Healthy Kids Day (third Saturday) Yom Kippur (Jewish holiday) (date varies each year) Yosemite National Park Anniversary “You Go, Girl” Day Young Achievers Month Young People’s Poetry Week (third week) Youth Activities Month Youth Art Month You’re Welcome Day (day after Thanksgiving) Yours, Mine and Ours Month YWCA Week Without Violence® (third full week)

May 6 March 1 February 29 February 10 June 6 April 19 October 4 October 1 October 11 May April September March November 29 January October

469

Z-Day Z Day Zero-Tasking Day Zip Code Anniversary Zipper Day Zoo and Aquarium Month Zoo Day Zoo Lovers Day

(first Sunday)

January 1 March 17 November 2 July 1 March 20 April July 1 April 8

Here is a Promotional Idea!

470

