Rev: 159696056
Time: 20160717.201932
Event: <a href="/Why-is-fish-chips-traditionally-considered-to-be-a-British-dish/answer/Barry-Carter">Answer</a> added
User: Barry-Carter
Origtime: 1468786772816503
URL: /Why-is-fish-chips-traditionally-considered-to-be-a-British-dish
Question: Why is fish &amp; chips traditionally considered to be a British dish?

Text: Britain is universally recognized as having the worst food in the
world. To maintain this distinction, the Royal Ministry of Fucking Up
Food (RMFUF) works hard to find combinations of food that do not go
well together.For example, what sorts of things go with chips?Well, if
they're potato chips, we have ketchup and flavored sour cream ("chip
dip") for example.For corn chips, we have salsa and meat chili ("Frito
pie").Sadly, it turns out that, in addition to creating really bad
food, the British also choose deceptive names for their food so people
not only get bad food, but never get the food they ordered. For
example, sweetbreads are actually disgusting internal organs, and
sweetmeats have no meat in them.In this case, the British use the word
"chips" to mean "French fries".OK, what goes well with French fries?
Well, ketchup and salt to name two.Now, what goes well with fish?
Tartar sauce, breading, and lemon/lime.Notice there is no overlap:
there is nothing that goes well with both French fries and fish, so
British food scientists decided that combining them would create a
truly nasty meal that no one could enjoy. And, outside of Britain, no
one does. The British people, however, are so polite and such
royalists, that they will eat whatever RMFUF creates, even though the
resulting nutritional deficiencies destroy their teeth and give them
an overbite.Fish and chips is not RMFUF's greatest triumph, however.
When mulling over how to ruin pudding, they considered, salt, vinegar,
and even dog poop (known as "Kruft biscuits" in Britain), but even
that couldn't destroy the flavor.After concentrating hard for days,
their ears started to bleed and that was the answer BLOOD. Yes,
British people eat pudding with actual blood in it!At first, the blood
came from the French people they massacre routinely, but French blood
proved to be too weak.Now, the blood comes from Negroes, and blood
pudding is now called Black pudding.


