Return-Path: <markyassin007@yandex.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130128235827@gmail.com
From: Mark Yassin <markyassin007@yandex.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130128235827@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: About the email you sent me?
Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2013 16:04:02 +0100

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear Mr. Leonard,

Greetings to you, and thank you very much for your email response. I read your email contents with great excitement. Please be very assured that my email proposal to you is with best intentions, and hopes to only ensure that we better our lives and that of our family once we succeed in getting the transaction sorted out by cooperating with each other. I shall guide you all the way until we succeed in the transaction. 

Therefore be rest assured that this proposal is a serious one, and it shall change our lives forever if handled properly, and with all the seriousness that it brings. And in order to get this money, you must act as the owner of the money to my bank. I hope you understand. Our bank can only agree to transfer the money if you send a claim letter to them. Otherwise I alone cannot be able to transfer the money all by myself. 

Because it will create suspicion in the bank.Also you should know also that I also got into the situation of arranging this deal of resolving my financial issues. If you may know, the reason I got really frustrated by employers is because I stood in as guarantor for a loan one very good customer of my bank took in one of the branches. However, that was the period of the global banking recession, and therefore, the customer unfortunately defaulted on his loan. And later on, the loan was deemed and classified as bad loan.

As a result of that, the bank shouldered me with the responsibility of getting the loan back. I made several presentations to inform them that it was practically impossible for me to do so because the customer who took the loan has no other business sources. Because of this reason, I was made to take half salary payment from that date onwards, and all my financial entitlements were suspended until date. As a result of that unfair decision, my family and I have been suffering the pain and burden of living with my little earnings that is not even enough to service my loans. 

The above my friend is the reason why I thought of getting involved in this transaction. And since it can only be successful when two trusting, and supportive individuals like you and I cooperate together, I am a firm believer that we can achieve success together.To begin the transaction, you will be required to write a commencement of transaction email to my banks Financial Consultant/Legal Adviser. 

This is because he is charged with the responsibility of dealing with transactions of this nature. Therefore, I took time out to draft out a letter which you may utilise and send same to his details as shown below:

Name: Nasser Salim Mohammed.Firm: Trust International Consultants – Emirates Advocates.

Email:emirates-advocates@consultant.com

Telephone: +971501418506.

............................................................................................................................

January 29, 2013.

For the attention of: Nasser Salim Mohammed. 

Re: Fund Claim request with respect to NBAD Account Security Code Number NBD/ZXV202 infavour of Late George Brumley.

Dear Sir,

Please refer to the account number above into which funds deposited by my deceased business partner with the name above via Certificate of Deposit number: GFS/C/02/11585/03 dated 6th of June 2000, with transaction code number: NBD/TRU/CCPA/009X319/RHW for the sum of Ten Million United States Dollars ($10,000,000.00) only.

May I request you to please commence the process of ensuring that due process required to ensure that these funds are made available for my utilisation as the next of kin of the deceased beneficiary of funds.

I am willing to provide you any further information you may require to assist you to swiftly process my request.

Best Regards,

............................................................

I caution you dear friend to not in any way discuss or divulge the arrangement you and I are currently doing because of obvious reasons. Human beings been who we are have very conflicting reasons towards any other fellow being whom they feel is at a point where his or her life is going to change for the better. 

Therefore, please lets kindly keep it between us both. Finally, I wish us both very good luck. 

Sincere regards,

Mark Yassin.

29.01.2013, 00:59, "Leonard Zeptowitz" <leonard.zeptowitz+130128235827@gmail.com>:
> Could you please give me details about the email you sent me? Thank you!


