Return-Path: <mail@bellsglobalplc.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130129010621@gmail.com
From: mail@bellsglobalplc.com
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130129010621@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: About the email you sent =?UTF-8?Q?me=3F?=
Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2013 15:59:25 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear Leonard Zeptowitz,

Thanks for your reply.

I have enclosed details of business proposal below for your careful 
attention. Before you read through the proposal, let me quickly make a 
brief introduction of myself; I am Ms. Anne Mitchener, deputy treasurer 
for unclaimed property at Bells Global Plc., a Certified Security and 
Risk Management Consultant Firm in the United Kingdom (UK), and National 
Association of United Kingdom Unclaimed Assets and Forgotten Funds 
Administrators. You can make a check on my company’s website to have a 
basic understanding and knowledge about what our company does.

Our website: http://www.bellsglobal.com

Having satisfactorily gone through our website, please see below the 
details of my business proposal and treat very confidential. We 
understand that there are several scams business proposal going on in 
the internet which has caused great damages and distrust in the minds of 
potential investors and thereby making it difficult for the good hearted 
investors not to believe and have confidence in business proposal coming 
through the internet. But I want to assure you that good and profiting 
business deals still exist through the internet, and this I am proposing 
to you is a real and trusting business deal. Please do not have any 
doubt or biased mind in this. Please read carefully with understanding.

Business Proposition:

We have in our vaults “sea of abandoned assets and forgotten funds’’ 
very conservatively estimated to be worth £77 billion. The majority of 
this abandoned money comes from dormant bank accounts, orphan pensions, 
unknown windfalls, missing shares and abandoned dividends, forgotten 
life insurance policies, National Savings Certificates and Premium Bonds 
which have not been redeemed, and contents of safe deposit boxes; but 
also included is £300 million in unclaimed National Lottery winnings. 
Under varying UK laws, financial institutions and other companies are 
required to return to government treasury any funds considered 
“abandoned’’ for used to fund government operations and various 
charitable causes, although owners would never lose the right to reclaim 
their funds if they surface within the specific period granted by law. 
Most claims can be made in perpetuity but there are exceptions, so 
prompt action should be taken.

Among the abandoned safe deposit boxes, there is one particular box we 
have refused to return to the government coffers because there are no 
traces of owner and it has been in our vaults for over 15 years without 
claim. We have made all efforts to contact, trace and find the owner and 
the heirs through websites, newspaper ads and booths at events like 
state fairs, but all efforts prove abortive. The content of this safe 
deposit box is US$200 million cash; and we want to make beneficial use 
of this fund to better our lives and family including you.  The fund as 
we are speaking has been moved out of our company’s vault following 
strict security procedure and money laundering regulations to a Bonded 
Warehouse of a Private Security Deposit Company in Spain. So I was 
mandated to find a trusted individual or a corporate organization we can 
make as beneficiary and entrust the funds into his or her care for 
investment in Real Estate and other profitable business ventures. This 
is simply the reason why I have contacted you with believe that we could 
mutually benefit from this scenario.

If you are interested to partnership with us in this transaction, we 
will make you as beneficiary and ownership of the safe deposit box with 
all supportive documents and will authorize the private depository firm 
to release the box to you as rightful beneficiary. This is a smooth and 
good business deal without any implications, and it is between you and 
me and the president of my company.  We need your full trust and 
cooperation to make this possible, and your sharing in this transaction 
is 10% of the entire funds which equal to $US20 million as agreed by the 
President of my company.

I will appreciate your kind acceptance to work and partnership with us 
to make this possible. We guarantee 100% risk free transaction and no 
traceable records after transaction. If you have any question, please do 
not hesitate to ask or call me for clarification.  I wait patiently for 
your reply.

Sincerely,

Ms. Anne Mitchener.
Bells Global Plc.
Queens Court, 35 Circular Road,
Douglas, Isle of Man IM99 4NZ,
United Kingdom.
Tel: +448708200059
Fax: +441688570005
Email: anne@bellsglobalplc.com
Email: mail@bellsglobalplc.com
Email: Anne.mitchener@consultant.com

On 29-01-2013, Leonard Zeptowitz wrote:
> Could you please give me details about the email you sent me? Thank 
> you!


