Return-Path: <gregfreeman104@e-mail.ua>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130130143949@gmail.com
From: Greg Freeman <gregfreeman104@e-mail.ua>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130130143949@gmail.com>
Subject: Dear Winner Leonard Zeptowitz
Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2013 13:29:32 -0800

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

FACE-BOOK ON-LINE SPLASH PROMOTION 2
PLOT 101 CORNHILL LONDON EC7V9NP.
UNITED KINGDOM.

Dear Winner Leonard Zeptowitz,

This is to inform you that these lottery Notification is for real ok.
so therefore you are advice to re-confirm your full data information
to enable process your claims as soon as possible... You are not ask
to pay any amount...

Congratulations on your winnings. Be advised that you will be required
to furnish this office with the following information because the
claiming has a laid down protocol, which you need to observe. Please
ensure to get back to us immediately as to enable us proceed without
delay on your claim and note that your funds will be transfer to you
by the paying bank once we receive a response from you and please for
your own interest you have to be serious with your claim because I got
nothing to lose or gain that is if you do not claim your prize.

You are requested to fill the space below

1. FULL NAMES
2. CONTACT ADDRESS INCLUDING CITY, STATE AND ZIP CODE
3. TELEPHONE AND FAX NUMBERS,
4. OCCUPATION
5. AGE/SEX
6. Date of Birth
7. AMOUNT WON

For immediate verification and Validation of your claim at the UNITED
KINGDOM. Gambling Board. After the verification, payment approval will
be granted on your behalf for your prize claim of $750,000.00 USD
because we want to make payment to the rightful owner of the email
address that fall into the draw subsequently becoming the winner of
this prize money.

NOTE: After the payment approval, you will be contacted with options
on how your funds will be transferred to you. Ensure you call me after
sending in your information to our office and to enable me brief you
further about the processing of your lotto funds.

1. All claims are nullified after 7 working days from today.
2. Your Winning number must be in all your mails with the claims officer.
3. Do inform the claims officer of any change of names or addresses.

Do not disclose this to any one on till you claim your price for
security reasons.we have had cases where the last winners complain of
someone else claiming their prices.

you are hereby acknowledge, concerning your winning prize, you are
notified that if your prize are not claimed before end of Feb 2013
that your prize will be cancelled so you are advised .

Await your full date information as a matter of Urgency.

Best Regards

Mr. Greg Freeman.


