Return-Path: <drmikeibruni13@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130212003850@gmail.com
From: Dr Mike Ibruni <drmikeibruni13@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130212003850@gmail.com>
Subject: Dear Leonard Zeptowitz
Date: Thu, 14 Feb 2013 10:42:28 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Thanks for your respond to my proposal to you and your acceptance to
help me receive this fund in your country.

First I will like to apologize for barging this message into your mail
box without any formal introduction but due to the urgency and
confidential of this deal.

I will like to make everything clear to your understand before we
proceed because at my age, I know the value of friendship and
business. Even if we cannot run the transaction together, then we can
be friends, it will be ok by me because good name is better than
wealth. If you consider working with me, I promise to treat you like a
brother and also good friend with truth and honesty.

I am Dr Mike Ibruni, I am 45years old,married to Mrs, Stella Ibruni,of
the "National Aviation Authorities"Kwame Nkrumah,here in my
country,with (3)children, Johnpaul Ibruni, Jenifer Ibruni and Bintou
Ibruni. I believe that one day,at the conclusion of transaction,we
will see each other when I will come over to your country for further
investment.meanwhile, I will send you my picture and my family picture
when next I hear from you.

I contact you for a transfer that worth Two million two hundred
thousand united state dollars ($2,200,000.00); which accrued from
compensations by contractors who where assisted with loans from our
bank without the normal collateral when I was in position to do the
business. The compensations were made by the contractors after
returning the loan within the stipulated time. This was not detected
by the renowned auditors from my head office and I cannot keep the
amount in my custody as a civil servant.

So I have moved the funds into what the bank call Escrow Call Account
with no beneficiary. Meanwhile as you know I cannot be directly
connected to this money for obvious reasons. So my contacting you is
that I want you to apply to my bank as the deppositor of this fund so
that my bank will transfer the total sum of $2.2million into your bank
account,I know is possible if you liaise properly with me and get 30%
of the total funds as your benefit.

I need trust and guaranteed from you, I contact you because I want
both of us to share this opportunity which will help our family and
our generation to come.

I will send to you the application foam which will be submitted to the
bank. After submitting the application, the bank will contact you
directly after receiving the application but you must not let the bank
know that I am the one that informed you about it to avoid suspicions.

Please, if you are willing and capable of receiving these funds in
your country, then reply me immediately with the following
information=92s and also keeps this as Top Secret;

I want you to tell me more about yourself also.
I have some questions for you.

1. Are you married and of what age are you?
2. What do you wish we can invest on when I will come to your country?
3. Are you ready to assist me honestly in this transaction?
4. I need you to tell me whether you are capable of receiving this
amount or not.
5. Your private line for further communication.

Sincerely Yours
Dr Mike Ibruni

On 12/02/2013, Leonard Zeptowitz
<leonard.zeptowitz+130212003850@gmail.com> wrote:
> Could you please give me details about the email you sent me? Thank you!
>
>


