Return-Path: <victoradom@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130228014351@gmail.com
From: "Mr. Victor Adom" <victoradom@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130228014351@gmail.com>
Subject: Waiting for your urgent response.
Date: Thu, 28 Feb 2013 15:03:45 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

My dear friend,

Thank you for your response.

I want you to know that there is a procedure to conclude this
transaction for our benefits. This transaction is going to be a bank
to bank transfer and will go through a legal process called the
notarization. The bank international remittance department here will
only transfer the fund to your nominated bank account when the
notarization which is the legal process of the transaction is done.
The high court of justice is responsible for this notarization and
they issued out the notarization document to cover the fund legally.

Therefore, if we are going to work together to have the fund
transferred to your nominated bank account for our benefits, you will
assist me to handle the notarization. This is because I cannot be able
to involve myself in the notarization as it will reflect the
beneficiary/depositor of the fund and I am going to programmed your
information in the bank computer data system as the
beneficiary/depositor of the fund before we proceed in the
transaction.

I want you to stand as the beneficiary to the said fund and apply for
the transfer of the fund to your nominated bank account for our
benefits. All that is left which is why I contacted you is to stand as
the beneficiary to the fund and to assist me to handle the
notarization to enable the bank international remittance department to
go ahead to transfer the fund to your nominated bank account for our
benefits. I want you to give this transaction your trust and sincerity
because we can not achieve it without trust and sincerity because the
basis of any business achieved is trust and sincerity. I will please
ask you not to entertain any form of fear or doubts at all as this
transaction is REAL/LEGAL but I want us to keep it to ourselves and is
going to work out for our benefits as long as you follow my
instructions/directives. There is no risk involved.

This fund will be transferred to your nominated bank account legally
as soon as the fund transfer is approved and the notarization is done.
I cannot be able to involve myself in the notarization as it will
reflect the beneficiary/depositor of the fund and I am going to
program your information in the bank computer data system as the
beneficiary/depositor of the fund. So, I do not have to jeopardize the
transaction by involving myself in the notarization to avoid us from
loosing the fund to the authority. I have to be very sincere to you
because I do not want us to make any mistakes. I want you to assist me
to receive the fund and also assist me to handle the notarization of
this fund transfer papers. The bank will tell you the procedure to
handle the notarization as we proceed and I will always guide you too
as we proceed.

I do not want the bank head office to realize that I am directly
involved in this transaction since they are not aware of the source of
the fund and I promise you that the bank will transfer the fund to
your nominated bank account for our benefits immediately without any
delays as long as you follow my directives.

Therefore, I do not want to waste any of our time because time is very
important. if you agreed to work with me and to help me in receiving
this fund, inform me and send to me the information such as your full
names/address, tel/fax numbers, age, sex, nationality and occupation
so that I will go ahead to programmed your information in the computer
data system of the bank as the original depositor/beneficiary to the
fund after which I will send an application letter to you to fill and
send to the bank head office (International Remittance Department) to
commence on the transfer of the fund to your nominated bank account
immediately because that is where every international transactions
takes place. So, are you willing to work with me and to assist me to
take care of just the notarization because this is where I need your
assistance to conclude this transaction for our benefits?

As soon as I hear from you positively, I will send the application
letter to you which contain the bank and the account information. Hope
you will understand and act accordingly so that we can proceed to
achieve the fund into your nominated bank account for our benefits
without any delays. I will please ask you to give this transaction a
chance for our benefits.

Once again please I want you to send me these requirements so that I
will send you an application letter that you will rewrite and send to
the bank international remittance department so that they will
commence on the transfer immediately.

YOUR FULL NAME........
YOUR ADDRESS...........
NATIONALITY........
AGE.................
SEX.................
OCCUPATION..........
MARITAL STATUS......
TELEPHONE/FAX NUMBER...........

Waiting for your urgent response.

Regards,
Mr. Victor Adom.


