Return-Path: <fundsmonitoragency@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130227125552@gmail.com
From: Frank Williams <fundsmonitoragency@gmail.com>
To: leonard.zeptowitz+130227125552@gmail.com
Subject: FROM WAMA
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2013 09:36:25 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

--089e013c6848c9cc0604d7cb239d
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=windows-1252
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

FROM DR FRANK WILLIAMS,

WEST AFRICA MONETARY AGENCY, ACCRA-GHANA,

Ref BOG/INTBK/1155545

Attention: Leonard Zeptowitz,

I am contacting you in respect of the application for the processing of
your certificate filed by your attorney, Barrister Jaffu Daniels, regarding
your funds $8 Million Dollars Only with the Intercontinental bank and
your consignment with the Red Cross Accra Ghana,
approved for onward remittance to your account and delivery.

Intercontinental bank Bank Clearing House,

West African Unit of Account,

And Pressures for Monetary Integration

The West African Monetary Agency (WAMA) is an autonomous and specialised
agency of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS). It was
established in 1996 as a result of the transformation of the West African
Clearing House (WACH). In retrospect, WACH was established in 1975 to serve
as a multilateral payment facility to promote trade within the West African
sub-region. In addition to its functions of routing and clearing trade
transactions and services, the Agency has been charged with the
responsibility of monitoring, coordinating and implementing the ECOWAS
Monetary Cooperation Programme (EMCP), geared towards the creation of the
ECOWAS single currency.

WAMA is an institution comprising the eight Central Banks of ECOWAS member
States. These include:
1- the BCEAO (the common Central Banks of seven francophone and one
lusophone countries)
2- Bank of Cape Verde;
3- Central Banks of The Gambia;
4- Bank of Ghana;
5- Central Banks of the Republic of Guinea;
6- Central Banks of Liberia;
7- Central Banks of Nigeria;
8- Bank of Sierra Leone

Although WAMA is an organ of ECOWAS, it is placed under the authority of
the Committee of Governors of member Central Banks. However, ECOWAS and
WAMA maintain close working relations through meetings of mutual interest
in addition to meeting reports being reciprocally exchanged between the
institutions. WAMA also maintains close collaboration with other
international organisations such as the West African Bankers=92 Association
(WABA), the international Monetary Fund (IMF), African Development Bank
(ADB), Association of African Central Banks (AACB) and the World Bank

WAMA has contributed to facilitating the settlement of transactions within
the sub-region through the introduction of the West African Unit of Account
(WAUA) ;

- It manages a Clearing and Payments System among member Central Banks in
West Africa;

- It has contributed to the enhancement monetary cooperation among ECOWAS
member Central Banks;

- In collaboration with ECOWAS member Central Banks, WAMA is also striving
for the establishment of a Single Monetary Zone for the entire West Africa;

- It is serving as a bridge to harmonise the policies between the West
African Monetary Zone (WAMZ) and the Union Economique et Mon=E9taire Ouest
Africaine (UEMOA)

In, this case you are to fill the attached form with a payment of $8000.00
dollars to be paid by you. This is in line with percentage of 0.1% charge
for the sum total of your funds as stipulated by WAMA code of ethics.

Once this is achieved by you, an instruction would be given to the Barclays
bank to transfer your funds to your nominated account with immediate effect
without any form of delay.

Note: With this certificate, no banks nor government of any West African
continent would, nor any country of the world question or raise any
eyebrows as to the originality of your funds. This certificate endorses all
relevant laws of funds transfer from any West African sub-region such as
anti-terrorist, anti-drug, anti-money laundering e.t.c.

No funds goes out of any West African countries without this certificate as
it is the new directives taking effect from January, 2013. It is a new
mechanism put in place to secure, and to protect foreign beneficiaries
managing funds for refugees in the whole of the African sub-region.

Thank you,

Dr. Frank Williams.

--089e013c6848c9cc0604d7cb239d
Content-Type: image/jpeg; name="WAFA.JPG"
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="WAFA.JPG"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
X-Attachment-Id: f_hck7b41q0

0UgEpaKKAEoopaYCUtFFIBKWikFAwpaBRQAlGfrRS4oEf//Z
--089e013c6848c9cc0604d7cb239d--


