Return-Path: <yacubarchid@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130221035925@gmail.com
From: Yacuba rachid <yacubarchid@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130221035925@gmail.com>
Subject: VIEW YOUR ATTACHMENT(DETAILS)
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2013 12:19:43 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

--20cf307c9b2efe76d604d63b1608
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=windows-1252
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

Dear Partner Leonard,

Thanks for your reply mail, I am very sorry to respond your mail
little late as it should be, it was due to my official engagement
outside the city.  Inline with your acceptance to cooperate with me
over the claim of this fund; I am inviting you for this business deal
where this money can be shared between us in the ratio of (60/40) as
my foreign partner after confirmation of the fund in your bank
account.

The late bank customer Mr. Andreas Schranner is a foreigner and an
indigene of (Burkina Faso) can not stand as next of kin to our
deceased customer unless a foreigner, there is no doubt about your
eligibility as the legal next of kin to our deceased customer and
owner of the account number BOA-1036-086, with the following reasons:
Before the death of our deceased customer his true next of kin was not
indicated to the board of directors of the bank because of the top
secrecy and confidentiality of the transactions which our late
customer transacted with the various governments in West Africa.
Owning to his failure to indicate his next of kin to the officials of
the bank, it is therefore impossible for the board of directors of the
bank to verify the next of kin as well as the true heritor of the
funds.

MR.ANDREAS SCHRANNER, A CITIZEN OF GERMAN. Who died long with all his
family in the plane crash,The incident happen on Monday 31 July, Year
2000. since his death, his account has been dormant and nobody has
applied to our bank for the release of this money to him or her as the
next of kin.

For the above reasons the managements of the bank authorized me
officially as the executive manager, AUDTITING AND ACCOUNTING
DEPARTMENT of the bank to verify the next of kin to our deceased
customer. Therefore, the bank will always abide by my official
directions through the official authorization bestowed on me. And for
this reasons you have nothing to fear as your interest and identity
will be legally protected.

I know this will come to you as a great surprise, but I am assuring
you that this is a life time opportunity which will changed our
present situation, I am assuring you that all modalities to ensure
smooth and successful documentation clearance with your name and
account details have been already concluded here locally, I shall
mastermind all procedures till transfer is completed directly into
your bank account.

This is very urgent because the bank rules and regulation states that
any claim that stayed for the period of Ten years (10yrs) unclaimed
shall be transferred into the Federal Reserve account as unclaimed
money and this will enter the hands of the same corrupt politician
again, after the study of the deceased file which is still at the bank
custody, I am given you 100% ASSURANCE THAT his true next of kin was
not indicated to the board of directors of the bank because of the top
secrecy and confidentiality of the transactions which our late
customer transacted with the various governments in West Africa.

Am giving you my proposal that this business is 100% risk free I
assure you of that.
Considering the nature of this deal and my position as a Banker in the
same bank and the provider of the details of this deal, I do plead
that all respects of this transaction should be kept confidential and
secret for my protection and achievement of our dreams on this. Before
we proceed further I would want you to assure me of these;

1 That you have an account will be capable to accommodate this Fund.
2 That you will not seat on this Fund once it gets into your account.
3. Most Importantly that you will keep this as secret and confidential.
I will like to be reassured of the manner of person whom I am dealing
with because ($18.5Million) is not a little money; therefore I have to
get certain necessary facts about you are as follows.

1) Your full name (2) Your occupation (3) Your marital status (4) Your
full residential address (5) Your Phone Number (6) A copy of Your
photo scanned and sent to me, immediately I received those above
information=92s from you, I will send you the text of application which
you will fill and send to the bank for the claim.

More detail about me: Dr. Yacouba Rachid An accountant by profession,
I=92m 46yrs old ,presently working at The office of  auditing and
accounting department Bank Of Africa(BOA).I'm married with two
children. My residence address no:18 avenue de la charles Degaulle
sect: 21.Box Postal: 01 bp 5256 Ouagadougou Burkina Faso Actually.

Finally it's very mandatory that you follow all my instructions to
avoid any mistake in this transaction.

I am waiting to hear from you.

Dr. Yacouba Rachid

--20cf307c9b2efe76d604d63b1608
Content-Type: image/jpeg; name="MY FAMILY PICTURE (3).JPG"
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="MY FAMILY PICTURE (3).JPG"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
X-Attachment-Id: file0

9kf/2Q=--20cf307c9b2efe76d604d63b1608--


