Return-Path: <mrssafonova@safe-mail.net>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130224000816@gmail.com
From: "Mr. Gomer Gomer" <mrssafonova@Safe-mail.net>
To: leonard.zeptowitz+130224000816@gmail.com
Subject: Re: Reply/Details Email From Mrs. Olga Patarkatsishvili
Date: Sun, 24 Feb 2013 18:39:40 -0500

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

-------5KVYT3G4Q6BC2-512AA4BC.54FB-L9Y0JA6PWR4JQ-----
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

Reply/Details

Dear Friend,

How are you doing today? I hope wonderful, i will rather start by apologizing for my slight delay in writing you back, this is because i could not get access to a secure internet connection, as you already know the Georgian Authorities are monitoring all my activities since after the death of my husband so i am taking necessary measures to ensure our safety. I have decided to send you a comprehensive email explaining the whole transaction for your better understanding. Please be rest assured that this project is real, and one hundred percent risk free and does not relate to any breach of law or proceed from drugs. It is a matter of necessity to contact you for assistance without any further investigations about your person. It is very imperative that we exchange our identities for the purposes of familiarity, safety and trust as the case may be. It is therefore necessary that you tell me a little about yourself. I hope no form of betrayal will be experienced in the course of our collaboration. However, because I need a foreigner in this transaction, I must give you my trust; it is worth thirty percent of the total funds of fifty million eight hundred thousand united states dollars, I believe that this will keep you from refusing to give me my rightfully owned balance once the transaction is completed. I need you to understand that this transaction is no joke and such opportunity comes once in a lifetime. In order for you to see the reality and existence of funds, attached is the evidence of transfer made from my late husband's Television (Imedi Televisions, Georgia) station's account to his personal account in Europe, MADRID to be precise. After he lost the presidential election to his opponent, the interim president then declared embargo on his personal owned investments and started digging into my husband's financial capability, this was to weaken his power over the Georgian people, my husband was a man of the people, the election was rigged, he had to fly to London on exile where he met is untimely death, i really don't like talking about this, but since you are my only hope in regaining from my past glory, i really don't have a choice, other than to let you know. Seeing that the future could be very complicated, his European bankers then advised him to remove the funds from the account immediately and have it deposited in a safe depository facility as diplomatic package for more safety and also to avoid trace, so following their advice, he withdrew the whole funds in cash, properly sealed and packed in two trunk cases and deposited them as diplomatic consignment with a depository facility over there in Madrid, Spain. I got the combination codes to access the trunk cases and documents relating to this claims from a safe deposit box we share together, there he left me a surprise instructions on what to do. I am attaching a copy of my international passport,Please for the sake of my safety and that of my little son David, i need you to keep this documents very confidential so as to avoid any trace or unforeseen circumstance.All that is needed is for me to prepare Legal documentation stating that you are now the new representative/owner of our trunk cases. As soon as i have the Legal documents on your name, I shall then notify the depository company of the new changes and they will in turn contact you immediately to arrange the release of the trunks containing the whole funds to you. I have been in communication with them for quite some time now and during one of my enquiries on how to make this claims without further delays, they gave me total assurance that the whole process will not exceed more than seven (7) working days. I could not go there because of the present situation i find myself, i am just managing to survive the hostile circumstance that we are currently receiving from the authorities, they are trying to track down all my husband's assets to ensure that the name of the family does not continue to create pressure for the Government.

I can understand that you might be a very busy person, But with your full and immediate co-operation, we can be sure to conclude this transaction in about a week. However, the pertinent question I will like to ask is that assuming I intend to invest my share of the money in your economy how exactly or what area of the economy would you advises me to invest? How much knowledge of the economy do you have that will yield maximum profit to my investments and allow the money to be spread overtime in different areas of the economy? Actually, the issue of investing these funds will be left entirely to your discretion once it is demonstrated that you are capable of taking independent decisions, but of course, based on my approval.

I expect to receive your opinion on the issue of investing in your economy. Kindly send to me your full details as stated below to enable me forward same to the depository company in Madrid Spain where the packages will be re-profiled to your name as the new beneficiary.

1. Your legitimate name
2. Contact address
3. Marital Status
4. Area of specialization
5. Company Full Details
6. Position
7. Nationality
8. Age
9. Tel, Mobile/Fax Numbers
10.Scan copy of your ID i.e. International passport or driver's license.

Once I receive your acceptance to assist me in finalizing this transaction, I will try to get a secured line to call you for more discussion before forwarding your details to the depository company to proceed with the changes of beneficiary to your name. I need you to give this transaction a serious thought because me and my little son david are really suffering as we speak, I am really worried over his future, so please help me so that I can give him the best of comfort in life and a better education; I hope we can count on you? I really need changes by relocating to a better environment. I am writing you this mail in tears but I know that with your acceptance and seriousness to proceed, we shall smile once again. 

I await your urgent response.

Yours truly,
Mrs. Olga Safonova Patarkatsishvili.

-------5KVYT3G4Q6BC2-512AA4BC.54FB-L9Y0JA6PWR4JQ-----
Content-Type: image/jpeg; name="Doc-003.jpg"
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="Doc-003.jpg"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64

UUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFABRRRQAUUUUAFFFFAH/2Q=
-------5KVYT3G4Q6BC2-512AA4BC.54FB-L9Y0JA6PWR4JQ-----
Content-Type: image/jpeg; name="Doc-004.jpg"
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="Doc-004.jpg"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64

JKjJNFFJgWfWkoopAITRRRQB/9k
-------5KVYT3G4Q6BC2-512AA4BC.54FB-L9Y0JA6PWR4JQ-------


