Return-Path: <mrs.kalistyaron@sify.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130223040311@gmail.com
From: Kalistina Yaron <mrs.kalistyaron@sify.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130223040311@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: My Details are as following. read and get back to me.
Date: Sat, 23 Feb 2013 12:49:15 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

My Dearest.

Thanks a lot for your prompt respond and also for accepting to help me
and my son out of this heartbreaking situation, I'm mostly concern
that you help me in this transaction and my contact was based on the
information I gathered regarding this transaction to enable us achieve
our aim in having this fund been transferred into your position as the
partner of my late husband (beneficiary). I contacted you for us to
benefit in this opportunity, now we should proceed on.

I want you to know that this transaction needs absolutely a Foreigner
to put claim to the said amount as the partner to my late husband,
this transaction will be successfully executed to your bank account as
the partner to my late husband without any query from your state
government or private bodies, However with all the necessary
information which I have gathered regarding this transaction to ensure
a smooth and successful transfer.

Note: This transaction will follow legal modalities and all the needed
documents will be obtained in your name as the partner to my late
husband, those documents will back up the transfer direct to your bank
account. You have nothing to be afraid of as long as am concern in
this transaction.

the below is my infromation.

My husband name, Dr.Salif Yaron Mamadou
My name is, Mrs.kalistina Yaron
I AM 40 years old.
HOUSE ADDRESS: Avenue Sennism 201-Sector 10 BP 3413 Ouagadougou
Burkina Faso West Africa.
NATIONALITY: South Africa
Present resident, Burkina Faso West Africa.
Marriage status: 2 children male and female.
My husband was a member of Organization Petroleum Exporting Countries
- OPEC and the petroleum sector in a West African country, as I
explained to you in
my first letter. house phone,00226 79-448-857

Be aware that I will come over to your country with my two children
for sharing of the fund and possible investment into any profitable
venture under your kind control as soon as the transaction is
completed, we can invest in oil business hence have same experience
which my husband though me when he was a life, if you wish we will
invest this fund through oil export and import business since I have
some contact of my late husband friends here in Burkina Faso west
Africa where I and my two children resident after the burial of my
husband.

If possible I will love to invest in real estate management or set up
a company with you in your country or any other place of your choice,
I trust you and that was why I contacted you as the only capable
person to champion this transaction.

Please I beg you in the name of God not to betray or cheat me after
the transaction are completed because the hope of me and my two
children is on this fund.

Meanwhile you are required to send me the following information which
will be used to prepare some backup documents that will confirm you as
a business associate to my late husband.

1. Your name.
2. Address.
3. Country of Origin.
4. Country of resident.
5. Your private telephone number.
6. Your occupation.
7. Sex.
8. Age.

On the receipt of this information, we shall forge ahead for good. You
can easily reach me at any time. Should in case I am not around when
you call, please feel free to discuss with my son Boureima on
0022679-448-857 for he is in position of the cell phone.

Thanks and remain blessed
Yours faithfully,
Mrs.Karistina Yaron


