Return-Path: <salifhusman200@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130304030730@gmail.com
From: salif   Husman <salifhusman200@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130304030730@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: About the email you sent me?
Date: Mon, 4 Mar 2013 10:53:09 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear friend,

Thanks for your kind reply in respect of my business proposal. however
, I am mr salif Husman , 46 years old and I have worked with this bank
for over eleven years now.Before contacting you, I have fasted and
prayed, believing strongly with my experience as a senior Banker that
nothing will stop us from achieving success within two weeks
immediately we start, As regards to this transaction, I stand to
assure you that this is a very serioues deal am trying to strike with
you and there is no problem in this transaction for it is 100% legal
and you only have to comply to my instructions so that you will not
make any mistake when we start the transaction.

The Name of the deceased Customer is MR. ANDREAS SCHRANNER. He
nationalized here for years before he died in plane crash. He was the
owner of STE SALEH & BROTHERS SARL IMPORT AND EXPORT COMPANY AN AMOUNT
IS $10.5MILLION USDOLLARS . I have spent time and made all necessary
enquires to find out if I can get any of his relative so that they
will come for the claims but to no avail.

The banking ethics here doesn't allow the money to stay more than 7
years because the fund will be recalled to our bank's treasury as
abandoned fund.I decided to contact you and use your name for the
claim, as you are going to act as his business associate and we get
the fund transferred to your account. Many Banks in Africa use to
confiscate a lot of foreigners money in there various Banks after the
fund lying dormant for years.

We Poor Bankers don=92t gain anything if the fund is confiscated. I got
this opportunity and decided to contact you, for the mutual benefit of
our both families because I don=92t want the money to go into the bank
treasury as unclaimed fund since nobody is coming for it.

The transaction has to undergo normal banking procedures of
transferring inheritance fund. I will draft an application letter
which you will fill your information=92s and use it to apply as his Next
of kin and I will be here as your partner in the business, guiding you
on what to do until the fund enters your account.

This transaction is hitch-free on both sides (you and me) and has no
negative impact but you must try to keep it confidential and as a top
secret as you wish to know that I am staff of this Bank.For immediate
execution of this transaction,you have to communicate me with your
full name, telephone and fax numbers,for easy communication.

Upon receipt of the above mentioned,I will draft an application letter
which you will use to apply to our Foreign Remittance Department
inside our Bank, for easy execution of the transaction.

I have perfected everything to guarantee success and you should not
fear for I am here as an insider of the Bank to assist you claims this
money successfully. Please I will like you to assure me that you not
betray me when the fund enters your account. I have worked very hard
in my life and this one opportunity that I can=92t afford to play with.

This transaction is everything to me because the future of my children
depends on it as I will soon go on retirement. I am hoping to meet you
and your family as soon as this money is transferred into your
account, for disbursement and also for investment in your country.
Feel free to ask questions in any angle you dont understand for proper
explainantion.

THIS IS MY PROFILE,.
Name:Mr Salif Husman.
Country:Burkina Faso. Address:# Samandin Sector 7,Ouaga Burkina Faso.
Status:Married With Three Children.
Occupation:Working with African Development Bank(ADB)as auditing and
accountant manager.
Age: 46 Yrs
Sex;Male

On 04/03/2013, Leonard Zeptowitz
<leonard.zeptowitz+130304030730@gmail.com> wrote:
> Could you please give me details about the email you sent me? Thank you!
>
>

--=20
Dear  Friend
My name is Mr.Salif Husman , I am the Bill and Exchange manager here
in African Development Bank (ADB) Ouagadougou Burkina
Faso.West-Africa. I have a business proposal in the tune of $10.5m,
(Ten Million Five hundred Thousand only) after the successful
transfer, we shall share in ratio of 40% for you and 60% for me.

If you are interested and want me to give you more details you should
contact me  so we can commence all arrangements and i will give you
more information on how we would handle this project.

Please treat this business with utmost confidentiality and send me the
Following:

(1) Full names:
(2) Private phone number:
(3) Current residential address:
(4) Occupation:
(5) Your Passport Copy:
(6) Age and Sex:

Kind Regards,

Mr.Salif Husman
Bill & Exchange manager
African Development Bank.
Ouagadougou Burkina Faso.


