Return-Path: <aminataabdullah3@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130313031958@gmail.com
From: Aminata Abdullahi <aminataabdullah3@gmail.com>
To: leonard.zeptowitz+130313031958@gmail.com
Subject: DETAILS
Date: Thu, 14 Mar 2013 13:49:34 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear Friend,

Thank you for having time to respond to my mail and also for accepting
to help me and my son out of this heartbreaking situation. I'm mostly
concern that you help me in this transaction and my contact was based
on the information I gathered regarding this transaction to enable us
achieve our aim in having this fund being transfer to you as the
partner to my late husband(beneficiary). I contacted you for us to
benefit in this opportunity, so we should proceed on.

I want you to know that this transaction needs absolutely a Foreigner
to put claim to the said amount as the partner to my late husband,
this transaction will be successfully executed to your account as the
partner to my late husband without any query from your government or
else where with all the necessary information which I have gathered
regarding this transaction to ensure a smooth and successful transfer.

Note: This transaction will follow legal modalities and all the needed
documents will be obtained in your name as the partner to my late
husband, those documents will back up the transfer direct to your
account. You have nothing to be afraid of as long as am concern in
this transaction.

I will be coming over to your beautiful country with my son for
sharing of the fund and possible investment into any profitable
venture under your kind control as soon as the transaction is
completed.

If possible I will love to invest in real estate management or set up
a company with you in your country or any other place of your choice,
I trust you and that was why I contacted you as the only capable
person to champion this transaction.

Please I beg you in the name of God not to betray or cheat me after
the transaction is completed because the hope of me and my son is on
these fund.

Meanwhile you are required to send me the following information which
will be used to prepare some backup documents that will confirm you as
a business associate to my late husband.

1. Your name
2. Address
3. Country of Origin
4. Country of resident
5. Your private telephone number
6. Your occupation
7. Sex
8. Age

On the receipt of these information, we shall forge ahead for good.
You can easily reach me at any time. Should in case I am not around
when you call, please feel free to discuss with my son Boureima on
0022678846632 for he in position of the handset.

Regards,
Mrs.Aminata Abdullahi


