Return-Path: <missmaureenkkones@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130317031233@gmail.com
From: "MissMaureen K.kones" <missmaureenkkones@gmail.com>
To: leonard.zeptowitz+130317031233@gmail.com
Subject: MORE DETAILS
Date: Mon, 18 Mar 2013 14:53:04 +0000

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

--f46d043be1306da47904d83425c5
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=windows-1252
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

Hello My Dear ,
Thanks for your kind mail, I'm so happy to hear from you, once again I
decided to contact you because of the urgency of my situation here in
the refugee camp were I'm staying due to my evil uncle and step
Mother, I really want to have a good relationship with you because i
will be coming to your country once this fund transfers in your
account. My prayer is that Almighty God will grant us power and make
it very easy for us to receive this fund in your account successfully and soon.

I stopped in my first year in University in medicine when the incident
took place and my Wicked Uncle and step Mother were only after my
Father=92s properties left behind and had no interest in my school
affair, because of that, i could not further  my studies because i was
only looking for a way to save my life. I need to continue my studies
once i travel to meet you in your country.  I=92m afraid of both my
Wicked Uncle and step Mother  because  they are dangerous and ready to
do anything evil, Please' do keep this transaction only to yourself
for now until the bank here will transfer my inheritance fund to your
account. I plead you not to disclose it to anyone, whoever until i
come over there and meet you because i am afraid of my Wicked Uncle
and step Mother  who had threatened to killed me and have my
inheritance fund alone.

However, I think about all that I am passing through and decided to
reveal myself to you seeking for your help in transferring my
inheritance fund to your account. You will also help me by
recommending a nice university for me to continue my Education, and as
well as investing the fund to a profitable firm over there in your
country. This money does not matter for me, but all I want is to
secure my life. I want to have rest of mind and stop thinking so much
about my late father and my beloved mother of blessed memory.

The Bank Director advised me to seek a protection at the moment from
United Nation High Commission For Refugee (UNHCR) here in Burkina
Faso, which i did. Presently I=92m in the refugee camp under the
ministry of Rev. Benjamin In Refugee Mission Camp. I am emailing you
from the
office of the Reverend Benjamin here in the camp, I told Reverend
Benjamin about my communication with you and he permitted me to access
my email in his office computer twice a day, please you can call me
with the office number of the Rev Father  +226 78 19 48 86 here in the
mission camp, ask of  Maureen Kipkalya  that stays in the Female
Hostel Room 12, Block c when you will call . As a refugee here i don't
have any right or privilege to any thing be it money or what so ever
because it is against the law of this country. We have no freedom in
this camp, the UNHCR Authorities only allowed visitors on Fridays of
the week. its just like one staying in the prison yard and i hope by
God's grace i will come out here soon.

Concering my inheritance Gold, i suggest we should first conclude the
transaction with the bank, after the bank have completely the transfer
my inheritance fund to you then i would like you to travel down here
to meet me in this country enable us meet the Security Company where
my inheritance Gold was stored for safe keeping. My last Communication
With The Ceo/Md In charge of the security company was that, they would
not just release or ship the Gold worth of 22+ Carat of Quality with a
Purity of  96.7% and Quantity 130kg of AU Gold Bar to my Trustee
without knowing what the person worth and capable of. Then your
presence here alone will be needed for the claim of my inheritance
Gold.

 As I told you, When I arrived here in Burkina-Faso I went to clear
the money from the bank, The Bank Director whom I met told me that my
late father left a wrtten legal will 's instructions to them that I
most present a foreign trustee before the fund will be released to me.
And also being a refugee here my status is not authorize by the local
law to clear money or make transfer of the money to an account. He
told me that the only way out is that I should appoint a Trustee who
will stand for me and clear the money. I wanted to discuss this matter
with my Wicked Uncle and step Mother  but I am afraid that both would
not allow me have access to my inheritance fund if they help me,
because after the death of my father, she and my wicked uncle join
hands and sold my father's assets to an italian expatriate. The Bank
Director advised me that you have to apply for the transfer enable the
bank inform you the transfer procedure. The bank Director  told me
that  the bank could only approve you my Trustee when they confirmed
that you are honest, sincere and capable to follow instruction.

I am promising and ready to offer you 35% of  the total fund for
assistance after the transaction is completed. Please all i need from
you is to take this transaction serious and as for me, i have no
experience of international transfer of this nature. Please I need
your full support, assistance and understanding to handle the
transaction.

Please provide me details about you below:
Your Full Name: ...................................
Your Address:......................................
Your Age:..............................................
Your Direct Phone Numbers: ................
Your Country:.......................................
Your Occupation: ...................................
Your Sex:..............................................
Your Photograph/picture

 Once I receive the above details of yours showing your seriousness
and willingness I will then provide you the bank contact information
and my late father bank account details which you will use as my
Trustee to apply for the transfer. See the attached file my picture
and id card
Thanks And God Bless You
 Miss Maureen

--f46d043be1306da47904d83425c5
Content-Type: image/jpeg; name="Pic 1.jpg"
Content-Disposition: attachment; filename="Pic 1.jpg"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
X-Attachment-Id: file1

PTjPQnJyUVMlyyaW3uvvrZP9WTBKV5NdWra2snfY/9k--f46d043be1306da47904d83425c5--


