Return-Path: <agentmorgan1144@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130315143601@gmail.com
From: "Mr.Andrew Morgan" <agentmorgan1144@gmail.com>
To: leonard.zeptowitz+130315143601@gmail.com
Subject: FILE YOUR CLAIM
Date: Fri, 15 Mar 2013 11:56:17 -0800

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Attn: Lucky Winner

I am Mr. Andrew O.Morgan the fiduciary agent assigned to your case. I
wish to congratulate you on your victory;You are a lucky person to
have won this Nine hundred thousand Dollars ($900,000 ) Winning
No:AULOTTO/2115/LPRC.

This lottery was drawn on 1st January 2013 and we are now Perfecting
arrangements to make sure all winners Receive their payment with out
problems so we shall do Every thing officially for safe payment, as
this may Also help us fight lottery impostors,The Australian Lotto
Board can not afford to pay all winners in Australia so they decided
to refer them to different payment centers in countries we have
offices in so where ever you are being referred to is where you will
receive your payment.

Your email address was amongst those chosen this quarter from our new
java-based software that randomly Selects email addresses from the web
from which Winners are selected powered by YAHOO INC. However, no
tickets were sold but all email addresses were assigned to different
ticket Numbers for representation and privacy.

This Lottery is approved by the British Gaming Board and also Licensed
by the International Association of gaming Regulators (IAGR).This
lottery is the 3rd of its kind and we intend to sensitize the public.

You are required to forward the following details to Help facilitate
the processing of your money and certificate which will warrant the
release of your $900, 000.00 prize, all these informations are needed
for issuing you the winner's certificate.

After giving these details i shall file your claim And forward to our
head office at Australia to get Approval of your payment but mean
while as soon as the informations are gotten you will have to go for
our Payment form in which you will indicate how you Want your payment
which i will forward to the paying Bank immediately for your payment
so what ever information we see in the payment form will be used in
Payment.When ever you are contacting me you are required to quote your
winning number for easy location of your file

We pay by courier company (diplomatic means), wire transfer so one has
to be indicated in the form as means of payment.Informations required
will be used for your file and award
certificate so you are advised to keep all your winning particulars
safe from public until claims are processed to avoid double claims
where two people come up with the same winning number over one
particular prize which may arise to DISQUALIFICATION.

Call me as a matter of urgency before you proceed with your claims.

+2347030272799

WORKING HOURS
MONDAYS-FRIDAYS :7:AM-6:PM(G.M.T, LONDON TIME)
SATURDAYS: 9:AM-2-PM(G.M.T, LONDON TIME).
CONGRATULATIONS!

Mr. Andrew O.Morgan,
(Claims agent)
AUSTRALIAN LOTTO BOARD

First Name:
Last Name:
Winning Email
Phone Number:
Address:
Zip / Postal code:
City:
Nationality:
AMOUNT WON:
OCCUPATION:
TICKET NUMBER:
SERIAL NUMBER:
B. DRAW NUMBER:
MARITAL STATUS:
SEX:
AGE:
Lotto winning number:

MODE OF PAYMENT (MARK)
Electronic Funds Transfer

 Wire Transfer details (Only)

 ACCOUNT NAME
 ACCOUNT NUMBER
 BANK NAME
 BANK ADDRESS
 SWIFT CODE


