Return-Path: <ibrahimmantu113@gmail.com>
Delivered-To: leonard.zeptowitz+130314143520@gmail.com
From: ibrahim mantu <ibrahimmantu113@gmail.com>
To: Leonard Zeptowitz <leonard.zeptowitz+130314143520@gmail.com>
Subject: FULL DETAILS.
Date: Fri, 15 Mar 2013 11:15:24 +0100

[This message has been modified: see
https://github.com/barrycarter/bcapps/blob/master/419/bc-has-replied.pl
for details]

Dear Friend,

Thank you for responding to my email. Sorry if i may have offended you
by contacting you,I got your email through the Internet when I was
making a research for a foreigner that I will use in this great
opportunity because I don't want this money to be recalled to our Bank
treasury as unclaimed fund so i decided to contact you in a good
manner to assist me and also to share the benefit together with me.

I stand to assure you that there is no problem in this business for it
is 100% legal and risk free. I have worked with this Bank (African
Development Bank, Ouagadougou Burkina faso- West Africa) for over
Fifteen years now.I hoped that you will not expose or betray this
trust and confident that I am about to repose on you for the mutual
benefit of our both families.

I want to release the sum of US$11.3M (Eleven Million Three Hundred
Thousand United States American Dollars) to your account. As you may
wish to know,The said amount belongs to one of our deceased Customer
Mrs.Joy Lake who perished along with her family since January 31 2000.
The Banking laws here does not allow such money to stay more than 13
years,that is the reason why i want to release the money to you so
that we can use it to secure the future of our both families because i
don't want the money to be recalled to the bank treasury as unclaimed
fund.

Before contacting you, I have prayed to the Almighty God, believing
strongly with my experience that nothing will stop us from achieving
success within a week immediately we start. I will also like you to
assure me that you will not betray me when the money enters into your
account because i have worked very hard in my life and this one
opportunity that I can,t afford to play with. This business is
everything to me because the future of my children depends on it as I
will soon go on retirement. I do not intend contacting any body about
it except you, that is why I plead for your sincere cooperation, hence
at my age, this funds is my only hope of retiring in a good business
after my retirement from the banking services.
Your role is to act as the beneficiary Why i'm here as an insider of
the bank to ensure this fund is transferred into your account,if only
you are sure that you will not betray me when the funds is transferred
to your account.

The reason for a foreigner in the business is for the fact that the
deceased woman was a foreigner and it is not authorized by the law
guiding our Bank for a citizen of this country to make such claim.
This is the reason while the request of you as a foreigner is
necessary to apply for the release and transfer of the fund smoothly
into your reliable Bank account.

The deceased customer late MRS.JOY LAKE did not have any relationships
with our bank, she was only a customer to our bank. So there is no
trace either now or in future.And for this reasons you have nothing to
fear as your interest and identity will be legally protected.

You do not have any risk to bear in this transaction,Therefore if you
are really sure of your integrity, trustworthy and confidentiality,
and accept not to cheat or disappoint me after this business, reply
with your
1)FULL NAME --
2)COUNTRY --
3)ADDRESS --
4)OCCUPATION --
5)AGE --
6)TELEPHONE NUMBER --

Once i receive the above information i will write a letter of
authorization which you shall send to the Head Administrative
Department in our bank to approve and transfer the funds to your
account.

Once again, this business is hitch free and don't have any negative
implication.You should not entertain any fear as I have made all
modalities for the smooth and easy transfer of this fund to your
account. Please observe utmost confidentiality as you may wish to know
that I am a staff of this Bank and be rest assured that this
transaction would be most profitable for both of us.
NOTE// At the conclusion of this transaction, you will gain 40% and 60% for me.
Best regards to you and your family,

FULL NAME--MR.IBRAHIM MANTU
COUNTRY -- BURKINA FASO
ADDRESS -- BP 2889 SECT.17 OUAGA BF OUAGADOUGOU BURKINA FASO
OCCUPATION -- BANKER/ WITH AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (AFDB)
AGE --51 YEARS OLD
TELEPHONE NUMBER -- +22679229089


