(* an answer to http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/105379/homogeneity-of-space-implies-linearity-of-lorentz-transformations *)

Intuitively, this is fairly easy to understand. This isn't a proof,
but suppose Bob is traveling at a constant velocity relative to you in
such a way that:

  - 3 minutes on Bob's clock equal 15 minutes on your clock (time dilation)

  - 15 meters of Bob's distance is equal to 3 meters of your distance
  (Lorentz contraction)

Note that I'm making no assumption of linearity. I don't know how long
4 minutes on Bob's clock will be on my clock. I'm only going to use
the two specific observations above to show linearity (intuitively).

Suppose Bob starts a 3 minute egg timer (hourglass), and, the moment 3
minutes elapse, he turns it around to measure another 3 minutes.

Since Bob is in an inertial (constant velocity) reference frame, his 3
minutes plus 3 minutes add to 6 minutes.

In your reference frame, the first 3 minutes took 15 minutes (by our
observation above) and the second 3 minutes *also* took 15 minutes,
since Bob's velocity relative to us remains constant. Thus, Bob's 6
minutes took 15 + 15 minutes, or 30 minutes.

Of course, you can apply this observation to any amount of time, thus
showing linearity.

The argument for distance is similar. If Bob walks 15 meters, pauses
(for a length of time that will differ for the two of you), and then
walks another 15 meters, he has walked a total of 30 meters, since
distances add.

You don't know how long 30 of Bob's meters are for you, but you do
know the first 15 meters translates to 3 meters, as does the second 15
meters. Since distance adds for you as well, you now know that 30
meters of Bob's distance equals 6 meters of your distance.

In other words, time and distance add in all intertial reference frames.

Why is this not a proof?

I assume that 3 minutes on Bob's clock is *always* equal to 15 minutes
on your clock, since Bob is traveling at a constant velocity relative
to you.

However, it's at least theoretically possible that the speed of Bob's
clock depends on his distance from you. Perhaps 3 minutes on Bob's
clock equals 15 minutes on your clock the instant he passes you, but,
when he's half a light year away, 3 minutes on his clock is now an
hour on your clock.

So, this isn't a proof, but if you intuitively accept that the
difference in time and distance between two observers depends solely
on their relative velocity, this may be helpful.
