Date: July 1, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown realizes that he is obsessed with Davy Crocket.

Speaking: Charlie Brow, Unknown Character

Category: Davy Crocket

Date: July 2, 1955

Description: Charlie Brown and Schroeder ponder who their favorite baseball player and pianist is.  

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: Beethoven

Date: July 3, 1955

Description:  Lucy and Charlie Brown think that they can hear the ocean roar in Snoopy’s ear.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Category: Ocean

Date: July 4, 1955

Description:  Lucy explains to Charlie Brown that she is ornery.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category:  Lucy’s mood

Date: July 5, 1955

Description: Lucy explains to Linus that more people live in the world than they think.

Speaking:  Lucy, Linus

Category: Lucy Teaching

Date: July 6, 1955

Description: Lucy tells Linus that the sun comes up in the North and sets in the South.

Speaking: Linus, Lucy

Category:  Lucy Teaching

Date: July 7, 1955

Description:  Linus is riding his small tricycle when he comes across a full size bicycle, and thinks it’s a giant.

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: Bicycle

Date: July 8, 1955

Description:  Lucy tells Linus their mother wants him in to eat lunch so he will become a big boy.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Category: Parents

Date: July 9, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown tells Lucy that there is no one in the world that likes him, and with the population growth he’s getting more and more unpopular.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown

Non-speaking:  Lucy

Category:  No one like Charlie Brown

Date: July 10, 1955

Description:  Snoopy keeps trying to eat some of Linus’ ice cream cone, so finally Linus moves into a cage where Snoopy cannot get to him.

Non-speaking:  Linus, Snoopy

Category:  Snoopy wants food

Date: July 11, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown sees an unknown character ride by in a large wagon.  He sighs, and starts riding in his very small wagon.

Non-speaking:  Charlie Brown, Unknown Character

Category: Wagon

Date: July 12, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown shows Sally Brown his watch, which is always stuck on ten minutes till three.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Sally Brown

Category:  Broken watch

Date: July 13, 1955

Description:  Linus and Charlie Brown are playing croquet, but Charlie Brown can’t shoot because Snoopy is in the way.

Speaking: Linus, Charlie

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: Croquet

Date: July 14, 1955

Description:  Snoopy is sitting on the croquet stick when a ball strikes it and he is almost knocked off.

Non-speaking:  Snoopy

Category: Croquet

Comments:  Continuation of the strip the day before.

Date:  July 15, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown is trying to play croquet when Snoopy goes running through the wicket.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown

Non-speaking:  Snoopy

Category: Croquet

Comments:  Continuation from the strip the day and two days before.

Date:  July 16, 1955

Description:  Lucy is sitting in a blow up pool when Snoopy bites a hole in it.

Speaking:  Lucy

Non-speaking:  Snoopy

Category: Pool

Date: July 17, 1955

Description:  Schroeder and Charlie Brown appear to be arguing and calling each other names when they are actually arguing is Beethoven or Davy Crocket is better.

Speaking:  Schroeder, Charlie Brown, Sally Brown

Category: Beethoven, Davy Crocket

Date: July 18, 1955

Description:  Linus puts a puzzle together that stands up vertically.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-speaking:  Linus

Category: Puzzle

Date: July 19, 1955

Description:  Snoopy almost gets hit with a horseshoe.

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category:  Horseshoes

Date: July 20, 1955

Description:  Lucy explains to Linus what once the sun goes down, the day will be over and gone forever.

Speaking:  Lucy, Linus

Category:  Lucy Teaching

Date: July 21, 1955

Description:  Lucy tells Linus that he is just a baby and since she is older, she has all the power.  He then makes a gun out of his hand and pretends to shoot her.

Speaking:  Linus, Lucy

Category:  Lucy being annoying

Date:  July 22, 1955

Description:  Lucy asks Charlie Brown if he thinks they will ever get married.  Charlie Brown makes it very clear that he doesn’t think they will.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category:  Marriage

Date: July 23, 1955

Description:  Pig-pen walks by Charlie Brown all dressed up explaining he was at a birthday party.  When Charlie Brown asks him if it was fun, Pig-pen says he never made it inside because they did not recognize him looking all nice.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Pig-pen

Category:  Pig-pen gets clean

Date: July 24, 1955

Description:  Snoopy is playing jump rope with Sally Brown and Lucy when he gets tangled in the rope and hit the ground hard.  Snoopy wonders when he will learn not to play with them.

Speaking:  Snoopy, Lucy, Sally Brown

Category:  Jump rope

Date: July 25, 1955

Description:  Lucy comes and brags to Charlie Brown about how much fun she and Patty have had all day.

Speaking:  Lucy

Non-speaking:  Charlie Brown

Mentioned:  Peppermint Patty

Category: Fun

Date:  July 26, 1955

Description:  Linus drips some ice cream on the hot sidewalk and Snoopy tries to lick it up and burns his tongue.

Speaking:  Snoopy

Non-speaking:  Linus

Category:  Snoopy is hungry

Date:  July 27, 1955

Description:  Lucy tells Charlie Brown she would be very happy if he went away.  He leaves thinking how nice it is to bring happiness to someones life.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category:  Lucy’s mood

Date:  July 28, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown holds out a ring for Snoopy to jump through.  He instead gets stuck in it.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown

Non-speaking:  Snoopy

Category:  Dog trick

Date:  July 29, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown explains to Linus that two ears and one mouth means that listening is more important than talking.  Just then Snoopy runs by, so Charlie Brown says four legs, which must mean that running is the most important.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown

Non-speaking:  Linus, Snoopy

Date: July 30, 1955

Description:  Lucy follows a bug to see where it lives.

Speaking:  Lucy

Category: Bugs

Date: July 31, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown, Schroeder, and Pig-pen are playing baseball when Pig-pen hits the ball and Snoopy catches it in his mouth.  Charlie Brown tries to get the ball back to throw it home to Schroeder, but when Snoopy wont let it go, he throws Snoopy to Schroeder and Pig-pen is safe.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen, Schroeder

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: Baseball

