Date: 1 August 1954

Description: Snoopy tickles a bunch of the kids with his cold nose.

Speaking: Snoopy

Non-Speaking: Schroeder, Violet, Charlie Brown, Patty, Lucy

Category: dogs, cold, summertime

Comments: Eight panel Sunday strip


Date: 2 August 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown about the lines on their fingers. She asks where we get them, to which Charlie Brown explains they were born with them. Lucy though the FBI gave the line to them.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Fingerprints, friends, curious


Date: 3 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is going to teach Linus a card game. He leaves and returns to find a column of cards that Linus has put together.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: Teaching, toddler, building


Date: 4 August 1954

Description: Lucy is studying her fingerprints and proclaims hers are prettier than Charlie Brown’s.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Friends, fingerprints

Comments: continues from the August 2nd strip


Date: 5 August 1954

Description: Snoopy smells Linus finger after he sucked on it. Snoopy is grossed out.

Speaking: Snoopy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: thumb sucking, toddler, dog


Date: 6 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Schroeder his new comic strip. Schroeder isn’t impressed.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Schroeder 

Category: friends, comic strip


Date: 7 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Lucy are playing guns with Charlie Brown using one finger and Lucy using all of hers.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: guns, imagination, playing


Date: 8 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown has to ask Lucy to play baseball. He gives her sunglasses since its sunny. She get hit in the head with a fly ball. Lucy gives Charlie Brown the glasses back because they give her a headache.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder, Lucy

Category: baseball, headache, sunglasses

Comments: 14 panel Sunday strip

Date: 9 August 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown what is beyond the sky and beyond that. She is amazed at him knowing that more sky is beyond sky.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Friends, astronomy 


Date: 10 August 1954

Description: Patty can’t believe that Pig-Pen is messy at 7 in the morning. Pig-Pen says its going to be a good day.

Speaking: Pig-Pen, Patty

Category: friends, dirty


Date: 11 August 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown what zero times zero equals. She doesn’t like that he says zero, so she writes 3 which makes Charlie Brown sick.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Math, friends, questions


Date: 12 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown pours a glass of lemonade for Lucy in which she keeps complaining. He gets fed up with her complaints and dumps it on her head.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: friends, lemonade, complaints


Date: 13 August 1954

Description: Lucy thinks the rock-a-bye baby had an awful babysitter while listening to the record.

Speaking: Lucy

Category: record, nursery rhymes, babysitter

Wikipedia: Rock-a-bye baby


Date: 14 August 1954

Description: Schroeder gets hot in a sandbox and builds a mound to block the sun.

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: sun, sandbox, building


Date: 15 August 1954

Description: Patty and Violet are talking about how Lucy is going to dancing school, which was a disguise to get her out of the house. They have Lucy show them her dance moves which aren’t much.

Speaking: Violet, Patty, Lucy

Category: gossip, dancing

Comments: 11 panel Sunday strip


Date: 16 August 1954

Description: Pig-Pen asks to borrow a pail of sand. Charlie Brown says he can as long as he only takes one. Pig-Pen takes a large bucket full.

Speaking: Pig-Pen, Charlie Brown

Category: sandbox, dirty, friends


Date: 17 August 1954

Description: Lucy wakes Linus up quietly before yelling at him.


Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: brother/sister, yelling


Date: 18 August 1954

Description: Patty tells Pig-Pen that he is a mess. Pig-Pen says that he has one thing going for him, that he is consistent.

Speaking: Pig-Pen, Patty

Category: Dirty, complaining, friends


Date: 19 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown says how a rolling ball is always followed by a child. In this case, it was followed by a speeding Snoopy.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: dogs, balls


Date: 20 August 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie what airplanes do when they come to clouds. He tells her that they go through them. She just laughs and thinks it’s a joke to Charlie Brown’s shock.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: curious, questions, laughs


Date: 21 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is worried that he has a persecution complex because he thinks no one likes him. Violet says he doesn’t have it because everyone doesn’t like him.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: mean, sadness


Date: 22 August 1954

Description: Lucy’s swimming pool blows away as Charlie Brown is reading about how flying saucers are real. It lands on him, and he rips out of it. Lucy finds her pool ruined.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-Speaking: Patty

Category: swimming, destruction

Comments: 9 panel Sunday strip


Date: 23 August 1954

Description: Violet asks Pig-Pen who won the game since hes dirty. He gets mad at her “insults”

Speaking: Violet, Pig-Pen

Category: friends, games, dirty


Date: 24 August 1954

Description: Snoopy sits on Schroeder’s piano and gets banged off by Schroeder.

Non-Speaking: Schroeder, Snoopy

Category: pets, dogs, piano, annoying


Date: 25 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gets mad at Schroeder for playing too complicated music for Charlie Brown and asks him to play something that he can understand. Schroeder plays a single note.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: piano, annoyed, yelling


Date: 26 August 1954

Description: Charlie Brown wishes to Patty that he could meet someone who thought he was wonderful. She begins to talk when he says besides himself.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Category: sadness, friends


Date: 27 August 1954

Description: Lucy’s mother tries to make her eat by telling her to beat her brother. Lucy thinks that in 500 years no one will care who won anyway.

Speaking: Lucy, Lucy’s mother

Mentioned: Linus

Category: mother, sister/brother, eating, dinner

Date: 28 August 1954

Description: Violet tells Charlie Brown that he has a fat face. He says people with fat faces are cheerful and easy-going. She doubts that, and he yells its true.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: arguing, yelling, annoyed


Date: 29 August 1954

Description: Lucy is counting raindrops by tallies on a wooden fence and Charlie Brown asks her what she is doing. Then, it starts to pour, and she runs inside and marks the rain drops by a large X.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: rain, annoyed

Comments: 9 panel Sunday strip, Charlie Brown mentions Lucy counting stars


Date: 30 August 1954

Description: Patty and Pig-Pen watch a cowboy television show and he claps. She tells him to either wash his hands or stop clapping.

Speaking: Patty, Pig-Pen

Category: dirty, television, annoyed


Date: 31 August 1954

Description: Patty is skipping rope and leaves with her hair sticking up.

Non-Speaking: Patty

Category: games, jumping rope

