Date: 1 Apr 1953

Description: Schroeder suggests Charlie Brown starting throwing his
fast ball instead of his slow ball-- until Charlie Brown points out he
*is* throwing his fast ball.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Date: 2 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown's team is leading 83-79, so he suggests
Schroeder take the ball (which belongs to him) and run for home.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Comments: This is a rare case where Charlie Brown's team has scored
runs and is winning.

Discussion: In a later strip, someone gives Charlie Brown statistics
on his team, which say they've earned much fewer than 83 runs total,
seeming to contradict this strip.

Date: 3 Apr 1953

Description: Schroeder and Patty ask Charlie Brown what color to paint
Snoopy's doghouse: red or yellow. When he says red, they go with
yellow.

Speaking: Patty, Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Snoopy

Date: 4 Apr 1953

Description: Patty tells Violet that she's a tattletale, using
Violet's last name, Gray. Charlie Brown jokes "tattletale gray", and
Violet POW!s him on the head.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Violet

Comments: We learn Violet's last name. This is the only time it's ever
mentioned.

Discussion: "Tattletale gray" seems to be a reference to a laundry
soap commercial, but I can't figure out which one.

Date: 5 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown offers Snoopy gourmet candy (pure chocolate
creams), and cracks up when Snoopy gulps it down without tasting it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Non-speaking: Violet, Snoopy

Discussion: This is very similar to another strip (Patty mentions
"I've seen this happen before", but the strip in question may occur
later).

Date: 6 Apr 1953

Description: When a batter hits Charlie Brown's pitch between his cap
and head, Charlie Brown asks for a "little support out there".

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Discussion: I don't get the joke here?

Date: 7 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown helps Linus look for something on the
floor, until Lucy explains that Linus is crawling because he doesn't
know how to walk yet.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-speaking: Linus

Date: 8 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown thinks the other team calling timeout is a
good sign that they're worried, but Schroeder notes that Charlie
Brown's pitch just flew over the backstop and into the sewer.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Date: 9 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown notes the black keys on Schroeder's piano
are just painted on, but that he can still play difficult
pieces. Schroeder says this is because he practices a lot.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: Schroeder Plays Piano

Date: 10 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown tells Violet he'd like her if she liked
him, but she decides it's not worth it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

DateL 11 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown calls a fly ball, drops it, blushes, and
then asks if everyone asks him to cover the whole field.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Discussion: There's another strip very similar to this one (does Lucy
do this later)?

Date: 12 Apr 1953

Description: Snoopy endangers himself by hanging out near home plate
while the gang practices baseball. In the last panel, Charlie Brown
explains he's been using a slice of bread as padding for the catcher's
mitt.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown, Violet

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Comments: It seems unlikely that a dog would be this attracted to
bread (meat of some sort would be more reasonable).

Date: 13 Apr 1953

Description: Lucy tells Patty that her mother insulted her by saying
she's going to write a book entitled "The Care and Feeding of a
Fuss-budget".

Speaking: Lucy, Patty

Comment: In this strip, Lucy is insulted at being called a
fussbudget. In future strips, she revels in it.

Discussion: Is this the first usage of "fussbudget"?

Date: 14 Apr 1953

Description: While playing baseball, Schroeder tells Charlie Brown
that things look pretty bad. Charlie Brown wonders if the other team's
caught on to their signals and know what he's going to
pitch. Schroeder replies it's worse: they no longer *care* what he's
going to pitch!

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Date: 15 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown offers Lucy a caramel. When she ends up
taking all of them, he sarcastically offers her the sack to carry them
in.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Lucy

Date: 16 Apr 1953

Description: Lucy accidentally shoots Charlie Brown in a game, even
though he's on her side. In the last panel, she says it's lucky she
missed.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Date: 17 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown and Schroeder are impressed by Lucy's space
game spacesuit, but Lucy confesses to Patty that she's wearing her
sleepers.

Speaking: Lucy, Patty

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Comment: In a previous strip, Lucy is embarrassed to let Charlie Brown
see her in sleepers; here, she's still embarassed, but OK with it,
since he doesn't know!

Date: 18 Apr 1953

Description: Shermy thinks he's the first one to get a short haircut,
but the last panel shows that Snoopy's beaten him to it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 19 Apr 1953

Description: Charlie Brown discusses signals with Shermy, who doesn't
bother to remember them, since Charlie Brown can't throw any fancy
pitches. When they're behind 93-0 (playing against a team that
includes Patty and Schroder), Charlie Brown suspects they won't hit
them so far anymore... but only because the cover is coming off the
ball.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy

Non-speaking: Schroeder, Patty, Lucy, unnamed children

Comment: This might be a practice game, since Patty and Schroder are
playing against Shermy and Charlie Brown. Normally, they're on the
same team.

Discussion: There's another strip where the cover actually does come
off the ball and Charlie Brown comments that baseball is no longer a
hitter's game. Which one is that?

Date: 20 Apr 1953

Description: Patty is puzzled to see a long stretch of tally marks on
a fence. The last panel reveals it's a count of how many times Lucy
has beaten Charlie Brown at Checkers.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Patty

Comment: It's hard to count how many tally marks are on the fence
exactly (especially since we don't know if the panels overlap), but
there appear to be about 80 marks (400 games) on any given panel.

Discussion: Is this the first time we see Lucy beating Charlie Brown
at Checkers? Soon after, she starts counting how many thousands of
times she's beaten him.

Date: 21 Apr 1953

Description: Linus says "MEOW!" to a sleeping Snoopy, who turns to
fight (in a boxer's stance), but then blushes to see it's only Linus,
and not a cat.

Non-speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Date: 22 Apr 1953

Description: Patty tries to draw a portrait of Charlie Brown, but
can't get the head right. Lucy suggests she use a compass or trace a
pie plate, resulting in Charlie Brown's chasing her away.

Speaking: Lucy, Patty

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Date: 23 Apr 1953

Description: Playing magnificently on his toy piano, Schroeder tells
Charlie Brown that he couldn't play Beethoven on a toy violin.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Category: Schroeder Plays Piano

Date: 24 Apr 1953

Description: After Violet insists that they're playing in *her*
sandbox, so they'll play what *she* wants, Charlie Brown buries her
(sitting down, past the top of her head) in sand, and leaves.

Speaking: Violet

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Date: 25 Apr 1953

Description: Lucy has Snoopy sit up, but Charlie Brown has to remind
her to tell Snoopy to stop.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 26 Apr 1953

Description: Lucy demonstrates beautiful golfing skills (putting and
driving), but the last panel shows her building a sand castle in a
sand trap. Charlie Brown notes she'd make a great golfer if she didn't
lose interest so fast.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Lucy

Category: Golf

Date: 27 Apr 1953

Description: Standing in the rain, Charlie Brown smiles and gives the
"hitchhiker's thumb" to Patty, who's walking by with an umbrella. The
last panel shows his attempt was unsuccessful.

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Date: 28 Apr 1953

Description: Snoopy chases a golf ball, but then spits it out. Charlie
Brown reveals it's a cotton practice ball.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 29 Apr 1953

Description: Violet asks Charlie Brown to go to the show as a "last
resort". Charlie Brown notes that he's worse than "second fiddle"--
he's not even part of te orchestra.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Patty, Schroeder, Lucy, Shermy

Date: 30 Apr 1953

Description: Lucy is impressed that she's flying something on a string
(we assume it's a kite) and asks Charlie Brown if he's
jealous. Charlie Brown isn't, since the last panel reveals she's
"flying" a balloon.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Kite Flying
