Date: 1 June 1963

Description: Snoopy is sitting on the roof of his dog house, looking in different directions. He lies down with the conclusion that he would be bored being a weather vane.

Speaking: Snoopy

Category: Snoopy imitation


Date: 2 June 1963

Description: Snoopy chases Lucy around whilst barking at her, but is perturbed when she turns around and does the same to him.

Speaking: Snoopy, Lucy

Date: 3 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown's team are playing baseball and he calls to them from his position, asking for more talking. Linus comes over to him and asks for suggestions, as he can never think of anything to say.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Category: Baseball

Date: 4 June 1963

Description: Once again, whilst his team are playing, Charlie Brown calls out, asking for more chatter. However, when Lucy lets loose a stream of fast comments on the game, Charlie begins to think he shouldn't have said anything.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Baseball

Comments: Seems to be a continuation of the previous strip.

Date 5 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown asks Snoopy to be their catcher as Schroeder can't make it, and tells him he is the best catcher they have. However, when he sees how ridiculous Snoopy looks in the catchers protective gear, thinks they should get someone else.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Mentioned: Schroeder

Category: Baseball

Date: 6 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown asks Lucy to take Schroeder's place as catcher for the day. When she puts on all of the catcher's gear, she complains that she feels like she is in a bird cage, and begins to chirp like a bird, making Charlie say, 'we can do without that'.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Mentioned: Schroeder

Category: baseball

Date: 7 June 1963

Description: Lucy throws the catcher's gear back at Charlie Brown, complaining that he didn't warn her about all the balls that would be flying at her. She announces loudly that it's dangerous, and that she doesn't want to risk being hit by a bat and depriving the world of 'Miss Universe of 1975'.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: Baseball

Date: 8 June 1963:

Description: Linus is skipping with glee at the fact that school has broken up for the holidays, declaring that he will never have to go to school again. Lucy shoots him down, declaring that the summer holidays only last 3 months, to which Linus replies that, to him, three months is never.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Date: 9 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown and Sally are looking at the starry night sky. Charlie Brown shows her where the big dipper is, and explains that, due to the movement of the stars, the big dipper's shape is gradually changing, and will not be there in a hundred thousand years. Sally immediately begins to wail.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Sally

Comments: Slightly larger strip than the usual 4 frames

Date: 10 June 1963

Description: Sally is playing in the sand box alone. She comments that her mother is watching her, and theorises that mothers feel secure when they see their child playing in the sand box. She then complains that whilst her mother is secure, she herself is bored:

Speaking: Sally

Mentioned: Sally's mother

Category: Self reference

Date: 11 June 1963

Description: Sally and Charlie Brown are taking a walk. Sally looks at Charlie Brown and says that little girls need big brothers to make them feel safe when they are out, as big brothers are so strong. She then glances back at Charlie and says, 'sort of' with a rueful grimace.

Speaking: Sally

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Date: 12 June 1963

Description: Sally is berating Charlie Brown for not leaping to her defence when a bully pushed her over, even if he knew that he would be beaten up for it. As she storms off, Charlie glances to camera and comments that he would have made a better younger brother.

Speaking: Sally, Charlie Brown

Category: Self reference

Comments: Continuation of previous strip. 

Date: 13 June 1963

Description: Charlie and Linus are leaning on a wall, whilst Charlie bemoans the fact that, as a result of not stepping in to defend her against a bully, he believes that Sally no longer respects him. Linus empathises with him, and asks if he wishes he could redo the situation. Charlie says no, as he would probably do the same again.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Mentioned: Sally

Comments: Coninuation of previous strip.

Date: 14 June 1963

Description: Sally announces to Charlie Brown that Lucy is going to accompany her to the playground to protect her from the bullies, since Charlie is unable to. As they leave, Charlie looks at the camera and comments that he has been replaced by a 'pinch hitter'.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Sally

Non-Speaking: Lucy

Category: Self reference

Comments: Techincal baseball terminology used ('pinch hitter') outside of Charlie Brown's team playing.

Date: 15 June 1963

Description: Snoopy is sitting on the roof of his dog house with a bird who appears to be talking to him. Snoopy yawns and the birde flys away. Whilst lying down, Snoopy comments that he must have offended the bird, but that the talk of insecticides was beyond him.

Speaking: Snoopy

Comments: Although you cannot tell what the bird is saying (the birds dialogue is represented in a speech bubble by a number of short vertical lines), the fact that it is saying something is established by Snoopy in the final frame.

Date: 16 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown is complaining about how much of a chore it is to have to feed Snooy every day, bemoaning the lack of thanks he gets for it. However, as he puts down the bowl of food, Snoopy leaps down from the dog house roof with arms outstretched, embraces Charlie Brown, and kisses his hand before commencing eating. This leaves Charlie Brown feeling somewhat chagrined, commenting that most of the time he gets no thanks.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 17 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown is standing on the pitchers mound when he is accosted by Lucy and Frieda, complaining about how hard the boys are throwing the balls. Frieda asks him to tell them they don't need to 'burn them in', and Lucy agrees, saying he should tell them not to thrown 'Burnies'. They leave Charlie on the mound, repeating the term 'Burnies' with a somwhat incredulous look on his face.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Frieda

Category: Baseball, Self Reference

Date: 18 June 1963

Description: Lucy is teaching Sally how to skip. She starts with the simple instruction to place the rope behind her, which Sally does. She then explains the mechanics of skipping, complete with actions. Sally looks incredulous and turns to Lucy saying, 'You're kidding!'

Speaking: Sally, Lucy

Date: 19 June 1963

Description: Lucy demonstrates how to skip whilst Sally looks on amazed. Lucy then hands the rope to Sally so she can try, telling her to take it slowly. Sally winds up tangled in the rope and upside down, and Lucy tells her she took it too fast.

Speaking: Sally, Lucy

Comments: Continuation of previous strip, Sally ends up looking very much like Charlie Brown when he tangles with the kite.

Date: 20 June 1963

Description: Lucy is still trying to teach Sally how to skip. Sally despairs that she just cannot do it. Lucy examines the rope that Sally is using, then comments that her Mother must have bought it for her, which Sally confirms. Lucy then states that Sally should see a 'professional' who will fit her with a rope that is right for her. Sally looks to the camera and exclaims that she never realised how complicated skipping was!

Speaking: Lucy, Sally

Mentioned: Sally's Mother

Category: Self Reference

Comments: Continuation of previous strip.

Date: 21 June 1963

Description: Sally watches Lucy skip with some proficiency, whilst singing a skipping rhyme. She then offers the rope so Sally can try. Sally walks away, complaining that she doesn't like to memorise things.

Speaking: Lucy, Sally

Comments: Continuing story.

Date: 22 June 1963

Description: Schroederapproaches Charlie Brown whilst in full catchers gear, and comments that they have a full house for the game. Charlie agrees and quips, 'The seat is jammed', whilst looking at Sally, who is the only spectator in what is the only seat.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Sally

Category: Baseball

Date: 23 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown is standing on the pitcher's mound, discussing the signals he will use with Schroeder, as Lucy watches them talking from a distance. She comes over and asks Charlie what they were talking about and, when he explains, she wanders away, saying she thought they may have been talking about her. Charlie looks at the camera for a moment, before commenting that it is understandable to think that if you are a sensitive person!

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Schroeder

Category: Baseball

Date: 24 June 1963

Description: Snoopy is eating grass, and appears to be considering its flavour most carefully. He concludes that the flavour could be improved with the addition of some nice cheese.

Speaking: Snoopy

Date: 25 June 1963

Description: Snoopy is lying on his dog house roof when Charlie Brown comes over, touches his nose and comments that it is warm. He tells him that this probably means that his body is fighting off an infection, prompting Snoopy to lie back and begin to cheer his body on.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Date: 26 June 1963

Description: Snoopy is lying on his dog house roof when Charlie Brown comes over and, noting that Snoopy's nose is still warm, tells him he probably has the flu. Snoopy expresses relief, saying he was worried he might have 'little league elbow'.

Category: Baseball

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Date: 27 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown and Lucy are talking about Snoopy, who is lying on his dog house roof and isn't feeling well. Lucy says that as soon someone is feeling a little unwell with a fever, you should 'shoot 'em full of antibiotics'. This comment makes Snoopy lift and ear and take notice. Charlie Brown suggests tablets as an alternative, but Lucy insists that you need to use a needle. When they turn back from their conversation, Snoopy has vanished!

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Comments: Continuation from previous two strips.

Date: 28 June 1963

Description: Linus and Charlie Brown are standing by Snoopy's dog house, as Charlie Brown explains that Snoopy has gone to the animal hospital because he wasn't well. Linus comments that he supposes that Snoopy will be more comfortable there. The final frame is of Snoopy in the animal hospital, complaining about the lack of tv.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus, Snoopy

Comments: COntinuation from previous strips

Date: 29 June 1963

Description: Charlie Brown is writing a get well letter to Snoopy, who is still in hospital. He warns him to stay away from the 'pretty french poodle nurses!'

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Snoopy

Category: Speechless

Date: 30 June 1963

Description: Lucy is stomping around her house in a foul mood. Linus asks her what is wrong, and tries to cheer her up by telling her that she should count her blessings. When she asks him what she has to be thankful for (whilst still stomping around), Linus tells her that she has a brother who loves her. This prompts Lucy to burst into tears and hug Linus, who comments that sometimes he does say the right thing.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Comments: A chance to see a softer side of Lucy, however brief.
