Date: 1 May 1955

Description:  Lucy jumping rope, Snoopy watches.  Snoopy joined in the jumping rope with Lucy then Lucy stopped but Snoopy is still jumping.  Snoopy then realized Lucy has stopped jumping rope, stared at each other and Snoopy left embarrassed.

Non-speaking: Snoopy and Lucy.

Category: Snoopy Imitation, Speechless.

Date: 2 May 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown and Lucy arguing about the world getting smaller.  Charlie Brown thinks it’s because of the airplane, traveling anywhere in the world is possible but Lucy thinks it’s because of the people, millions walking all over the world that the land is wearing off.

Speaking: Lucy and Charlie Brown.

Date: 3 May 1955

Description: Hysterical Lucy shouting about the world being worn down by the people for walking on the ground and worried that there will be no room to stand on so she shouts that everyone should walk on the sidewalk.

Speaking: Lucy and Charlie Brown.

Date: 4 May 1955

Description:  The boys are playing baseball and Charlie Brown is running to base, Linus shouting encouragement for him to slide on the base. Then Lucy came running screaming for Charlie Brown not to do it because of it is wearing the earth off.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus.

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen.

Notes: I’m not sure if it’s really Pig-Pen who’s wearing the catcher’s mask.

Date: 5 May 1955

Description: Lucy stopped the two girls jumping rope and asked them to jump rope on the sidewalk because they are wearing the earth off.

Speaking: Lucy.

Non-speaking: Patty (not Peppermint Patty), Violet Gray.
Date: 6 May 1955

Description: Lucy is still worried about the earth shrinking or being worn off to a basketball size and decided that it is due to billions of people walking on the ground causing erosion.

Speaking: Lucy.

Date: 7 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is reading a book explaining to Lucy that the world is not actually shrinking in size but it seems to be getting smaller in terms of the advancement and improvement in transportation and communication. As it turned out Lucy was not listening and made a comment about how small Charlie Brown’s nose was.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy.

Date: 8 May 1955

Note: For some reason there is no strip on this date.

Date: 9 May 1955

Description: Snoopy saw Linus eating animal crackers and it made him shudder because he was smiling while eating the animal crackers.

Speaking: Snoopy.

Non-Speaking: Linus.

Date: 10 May 1955

Description: A boy saw Charlie Brown and Patty playing cowboys. Patty said that she is Buffalo Bill while Charlie Brown is Annie Oakley. Charlie Brown just turned red and made a comment about that’s how it goes.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown, Shermy.

Notes: I don’t really know who the boy is, probably just a passing character.

Date: 11 May 1955

Description: Linus and Charlie Brown are playing marbles. Snoopy, who was sitting behind Linus suddenly went after the marble Linus threw in the circle, then Snoopy is suddenly shown running away with the marbles being thrown at him.

Non-speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown, Snoopy.

Category: Speechless.

Date: 12 May 1955

Description: Violet and Charlie Brown are talking about something which Violet is not so sure if it’s true, Charlie Brown thinks it must be true since it is in the newspaper.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet.

Date: 13 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is telling Schroeder that there is this tune that keeps playing in his head, then Schroeder said that it is the same with him and went on to describe Brahms’ second with orchestra, and piano and he made the corresponding sounds as well.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown.

Date: 14 May 1955

Description: Snoopy is sleeping and awoken by a chomping sound in the background, then a “gulp” and Snoopy made a comment about it being too late.

Speaking: Snoopy.

Date: 15 May 1955

Description: Linus is playing by himself, punching an inflatable robber, whapety up. Then it deflated and Linus thought he killed him.

Speaking: Linus.

Date: 16 May 1955

Description: Lucy found a three-leaf clover and Charlie Brown advised her to not keep it because it’s not worth keeping, but Lucy thinks it is the next best thing since she does not have a four-leaf clover.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy.

Date: 17 May 1955

Description: Lucy asked Charlie Brown if he can take a friendly criticism to which Charlie Brown responded that it is fine and a friendly criticism is always helpful. Lucy then blurted out that Charlie Brown is kind of stupid.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy.

Date: 18 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is telling himself the importance of a centerfielder, then shouted to let him play infield at least for awhile.

Speaking: Charlie Brown.

Category: Baseball.

Date: 19 May 1955

Description: Lucy was telling Charlie Brown the foolishness of four-leaf clover which she found and did not do her any good. Charlie Brown asked her how long she saved it to which Lucy responded she did not know that it was to be saved, she ate it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy.

Date: 20 May 1955

Description: Violet was asking Charlie Brown about his newspaper route and Charlie Brown said that he quit the first week because he did not get to write a single editorial.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet.

Date: 21 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is grinning because the baseball is heading his way and he is going to catch it, he did but it fell to the ground. After throwing it back, he switched his mitt for his baseball cap.

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown.

Category: Speechless, baseball.

Date: 22 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is telling the others to let the hitter hit the ball because he is there to catch it then as soon as the ball got hit, he went after it, jumped over a pit, went through a brick wall, went under a fence, pass through an alley and a grove then he caught the ball and it fell to the ground, again.

Speaking: Charlie Brown.

Category: Baseball.

Date: 23 May 1955

Description: Lucy is balancing on roller skates, she saw someone coming and immediately stepped off the pavement and stood on the grass. Patty and Violet whizzed by on their roller skates. Lucy went back on the pavement, struggling with her roller skates and sigh.

Non-Speaking: Lucy, Patty, Violet.

Category: Speechless, roller skates.

Date: 24 May 1955

Description: Violet asked about Charlie Brown’s cut on his finger and she showed him her scraped knee. Then they talked about how Shermy was stung by a bee and Patty cut her elbow. Charlie Brown concludes that something is going on.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet.

Mentioned: Shermy, Patty.

Date: 25 May 1955

Description: Lucy, all bruised up and mad dragging her roller skates, she then kicked the roller skates into the closet and screamed at it to rot.

Speaking: Lucy.

Category: Roller skates.

Date: 26 May 1955

Description: Violet asked Lucy about her kindergarten class to which Lucy said something about it is okay but the course she is most interested in, homemaking, is not being offered.

Speaking: Lucy, Violet.

Date: 27 May 1955

Description: Lucy is learning how to roller skate while Charlie Brown is watching from afar. She smiled because she did not fall and she is very slow, as soon as she passed Charlie Brown, Snoopy whizzed by really fast on a skate.

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Snoopy.

Category: Speechless, roller skates.

Date: 28 May 1955

Description: Violet and Charlie Brown are playing diner. Charlie Brown asked about a mud pie sandwich and Violet then said ‘with or without’. Then this confused Charlie Brown and asked if she meant ‘with or without onions’, Violet answered crab grass not onions.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet.

Date: 29 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown asked Lucy to get some more kite string because the string is getting short. Lucy asked if it has to be a kite string and Charlie Brown said that anything will do. So Lucy returned and tied on the string’s end the stuff she brought to Charlie Brown’s surprised, a neck tie passed through his hands, then a clothes hanger, a watch, a mask and finally a big chunk of chain, that dragged his kite down.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy.

Category: Kite flying.

Date: 30 May 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is telling Lucy how she cannot get along with anybody including her parents and brother. Lucy answered that she can get along with Pinky Lee.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy.

Notes: I think Pinky Lee is a children’s show host at that time.

Date: 31 May 1955

Description: Linus appeared so nervous that he is shaking. Then Lucy came running with his blanket and gave it to Linus who then relaxed. She made a comment to Charlie Brown about how difficult it is for Linus during his blanket wash day.

Speaking: Lucy.

Non-speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown.
