Date:  Dec. 1, 1964
Descripton:  Lucy holds football, drops it and kicks it backwards over her own head.  Dismayed, she proclaims that she is too feminine for football.
Speaking: Lucy
Category:  Football

Date:  Dec. 2, 1964
Descripton:  Lucy holds football, drops it and kicks it backwards over her own head.  Frustrated, she blames the football for not going where she points it.
Speaking: Lucy
Category:  Football

Date:  Dec. 3, 1964
Descripton:  Lucy holds football, drops it and kicks it backwards over her own head.  It hits Snoopy, sitting behind her.  She scolds Snoopy for sitting in an unsafe spot.
Speaking: Lucy
Non-speaking: Snoopy
Category:  Football

Date:  Dec. 4, 1964
Descripton:  Snoopy takes football and drop kicks it out of the panel.  He looks smug and pleased with himself.  Lucy observes the entire process and is humiliated.
Speaking: Lucy
Non-speaking:  Snoopy
Category:  Football

Date:  Dec. 5, 1964
Descripton:  Lucy, grim and determined, holds football and attempts to drop kick it.  She misses entirely and falls down.  Frustrated, she blames the football and threatens to take its air out.
Speaking: Lucy
Category:  Football

Dec. 6, 1964
Description:  Violet and Snoopy are outside.  She suggests to Snoopy that they separate and meet back in an hour.  Snoopy takes off.  In the next panel there is an inset ""poster"" stating: ""Happiness is loving your enemies""  Snoopy is gleefully dancing with a bunch of bunnies.  After several panels of partying and dancing, Snoopy walks back to meet Violet.  Snoopy indicates he saw nothing.  They walk over to Charlie Brown and explain that they were out rabbit hunting but didn't find any rabbits.  Violet walks off, followed by Snoopy.  Snoopy turns to Charlie Brown and gives him a sly smile, leaving Charlie Brown bewildered.
Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown
Non-speaking: Snoopy, rabbits
Category:  Snoopy dancing

Dec. 7, 1964
Description:  Snoopy is lying on top of his doghouse, suffering from insomnia.  He frets about lying awake and thinking about life’s problems.  He concludes that worrying about life’s problems while thinking about pizza is intolerable.
Speaking: Snoopy (thought bubbles)
Category:  Snoopy and his doghouse

Dec. 8, 1964
Description:  Lucy is trying to get Linus out of bed for school.  He complains that he has a pain-his stomach is broken.
Speaking:  Lucy, Linus
Category:  School

Dec. 9, 1964
Description:  Charlie Brown and Shermy are walking along the sidewalk.  Snoopy watches them pass.  Charlie Brown is explaining that the best way to train a puppy is by using a rolled up newspaper.  Snoopy sighs.  He comments in thought bubble that while it may be effective, it gives a distorted view of the press.
Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Snoopy (thought bubble)
Non-speaking: Shermy
Category: Dog training

Dec. 10, 1964
Description: Snoopy is contentedly sitting, holding Linus’ blanket.  Linus sees this, gets angry and grabs and yanks the blanket away.  He does this with such force that Snoopy is sent spinning.  The last panel shows Snoopy happily dizzy, as if just off of a thrill ride.
Speaking:  Linus, Snoopy
Category:  Linus and blanket

Dec. 11, 1964
Description:  Snoopy spends the first two panels barking.  The third panel he is walking and in the last he is regretting that he may have “said” the wrong thing.
Speaking: Snoopy
Category:  Snoopy’s imagination

Dec. 12, 1964
Description:  In each panel, a different character is walking with a sign. Charlie Brown is in each panel, watching and reading.  Schroeder is counting down until Beethoven’s birthday, Lucy’s says “Bake a Cake”, Sally’s says to get together with friends and Snoopy’s says, ”Live it up! It’s going to be a long winter!”
Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder, Lucy, Sally, Snoopy.
Category: Non-speaking

Dec. 13, 1964
Description:  It is snowing.  Snoopy is up to his neck in snow.  He makes his way to his doghouse.  He assesses the situation and then makes his way to Charlie Brown’s front door.  Charlie Brown gives him a broom.  Snoopy returns to his doghouse, sweeps off his doghouse and returns the broom to Charlie Brown.  By the time he gets back to the doghouse, it is as covered with snow as when he began.
Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy.
Notes:  In the second panel there is an inset of Sally catching snowflakes with her tongue and the caption “Happiness is catching snowflakes on your tongue.”
Category: Non-speaking




Dec. 14, 1964
Description:  Linus shows Charlie Brown his report card and proudly states that he was the only one to get an “A” on his geography test because he was the only student who knew where Ipanema was.
Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown
Wikipedia: Ipanema
Category: School

Dec. 15, 1964
Description:  Charlie Brown is eating lunch, wishing he could be sitting with the little red-haired girl.  Suddenly his sandwich loses its taste and he blames it on “unrequited love.”
Speaking: Charlie Brown
Category:  Little red haired girl.

Dec. 16, 1964
Description: Schroeder welcomes an unseen group/person  to Beethoven’s birthday party.  He explains that they haven’t cut the cake yet because they were just about to sing the finale of Beethoven’s Ninth.  He is disbelieving that the guest(s) doesn’t know the music.
Speaking:  Schroeder
Wikipedia: Beethoven
Category: Self-reference

Dec. 17, 1964
Description:  Description:  Charlie Brown is eating lunch, wishing he could be sitting with the little red-haired girl.  He berates himself for not having enough nerve to speak with her, but concludes that he hates himself for many additional reasons.
Speaking: Charlie Brown
Category:  Little red haired girl.

Dec. 18, 1964
Description: Lucy is telling Charlie Brown that he should forget the little red-haired girl because she’s not his type.  When Charlie Brown asks Lucy whose type he is, she ponders and puzzles.  Charlie Brown walks off sighing “Good Grief!”
Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown
Category: Little red haired girl

Dec. 19, 1964
Description:  Snoopy is on top of his doghouse, yelling, “Squawk!” and “Pieces of Eight!”  He is pleased with himself and thinks he would have made a good parrot.
Speaking: Snoopy
Category: Snoopy imitation

Dec. 20, 1964
Description: Linus is trying to use reverse psychology in his letter to Santa by telling him that he doesn’t need to visit Linus and Lucy’s house.
Speaking: Linus and Lucy
Category:  Letter to Santa
Note: There is an inset in the 3rd panel where Charlie Brown is jumping for joy.  The caption reads:  “Happiness is a Christmas vacation with no book reports to write.” 

Dec. 21, 1964
Description:  Linus tells Snoopy that he has his line for the Christmas play.  He recites it—it is clearly a book from the Bible.  Linus wonders who wrote it.
Speaking:  Linus
Non-speaking: Snoopy
Category: Christmas play

Dec. 22, 1964
Description: Linus asks Snoopy to help with the Christmas play and asks whether Snoopy can handle pretending to be a flock of sheep.  Snoopy is slightly offended/annoyed.  “One beagle is worth a flock of sheep any time.”
Speaking: Linus, Snoopy (thought bubble)
Category: Christmas play

Dec. 23, 1964
Description: Linus is practicing his part for the Christmas play with Snoopy.  Snoopy must pretend to be a sheep.  He reluctantly plays along but threatens to “judo chop” Linus if Linus comes near with the shepherd’s crook.
Speaking: Linus, Snoopy (thought bubble)
Category: Christmas play

Dec. 24, 1964
Description:  Linus is reciting his line for the Christmas play.  He has to prompt Snoopy, who is sleeping beside him.  Snoopy performs perfectly.  Linus is pleased.
Speaking: Linus, Snoopy
Category:  Christmas play

Dec. 25, 1964
Description:  Charlie Brown is singing “The Twelve Days of Christmas”.   He sings “A Partridge in a Pear Tree”.  The next panel shows Snoopy in a pear tree.
Speaking: Charlie Brown
Non-speaking: Snoopy
Category:  Snoopy imitation

Dec. 26, 1964
Description:  Lucy laments to Charlie Brown that she spent so much time counting down and waiting for Christmas and now it’s all over.
Speaking:  Lucy
Non-speaking: Charlie Brown
Category:  Lucy counting


 
Dec. 27, 1964
Description: Charlie Brown comes to visit Linus Christmas morning, after all of the presents have been opened.  Linus shows Charlie Brown all of his gifts and laments that it’s been the worst Christmas ever.  He worries that he will never develop any character because he always gets everything he wants.
Speaking:  Linus
Non-speaking: Charlie Brown
Notes:  There is an inset in the 3rd panel with Lucy holding a letter, with a pencil behind her ear.  The caption states:  “Happiness is getting all your Christmas “thank you”  letters written.
Category:  Christmas

Dec, 28, 1964
Description: Charlie Brown and Violet are walking down the street. Charlie Brown suddenly remembers that he is supposed to have read Gulliver’s Travels and written a report on it during the Christmas break.  Violet says she did hers right away.  Charlie Brown yells after her that he “hates her kind.”
Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet
Wikipedia:  Gulliver’s Travels
Category: school

Dec. 29, 1964
Description:  Charlie Brown berates himself for procrastinating on his report on Gulliver’s Travels.
Speaking:  Charlie Brown
Wikipedia:  Gulliver’s Travels
Category:  Charlie Brown guilt

Dec. 30, 1964
Description: Charlie Brown begins reading Gulliver’s Travels.  When he realizes that the book has 254 pages, he decides to begin reading tomorrow.
Speaking:  Charlie Brown
Wikipedia:  Gulliver’s Travels
Category: Charlie Brown guilt

Dec. 31, 1964
Description:  Charlie Brown and Linus are outside building snowmen.  Charlie Brown admits that he should be indoors, doing his report.  Linus convinces Charlie Brown that the outside air will do him good.  When Charlie Brown accepts this, Linus comments, “Good ‘ol wishy-washy Charlie Brown.”
Wikipedia:  Gulliver’s Travels
Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Linus
Category: Charlie Brown wishy-washy


