Date: 1 April 1954

Description: Schroeder and Lucy are talking about his new chest protector. Lucy hits him and says she didn’t think it looks sturdy.

Speaking: Lucy, Schroeder

Category: baseball, tough


Date: 2 April 1954

Description: Schroeder comes up to Charlie Brown and asks how he is holding up while pitching. Charlie Brown assures him he is fine. Schroeder asks him to get some people out then.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: baseball


Date: 3 April 1954

Description: Violet walks to Patty and tells her that she has learned her lesson to never carry mud pies in a sack.

Speaking: Violet, Patty

Category: mud pies, lessons


Date: 4 April 1954

Description: Lucy decides she is going to count all the stars in the sky even if people think she is crazy for doing it. However, there are too many in the sky for her to count.

Speaking: Lucy

Category: counting, stars

Comments: 14 panel Sunday strip


Date: 5 April 1954

Description: Lucy tells Snoopy to open his mouth and close his eyes before giving a treat. She tries to trick him and slowly walk away, but he follows.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: pets, tricks, dogs, treats


Date: 6 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is listening to static on the radio, which Schroeder asks if Charlie Brown wants him to fix it. Charlie Brown says he likes static.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: radio, static


Date: 7 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is playing fetch with Snoopy. When Snoopy returns with a wet ball, Snoopy gets Charlie Brown to quit playing the game.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Category: pets, dogs, games


Date: 8 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown complains to Schroeder that the baseball is in awful shape.  Schroeder puts more black tape on it.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Category: baseball


Date: 9 April 1954

Description: Lucy and Patty walk up to a Caution sign. Lucy wonders if her mother put it since she says Lucy is a real caution.

Speaking: Lucy, Patty

Category: mothers, signs


Date: 10 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Lucy if Linus likes television. Lucy says she doesn’t know since he only watches the test pattern.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category:  brother/sister, television


Date: 11 April 1954

Description: The kids are all playing baseball when it starts to pour down rain. Everyone is quitting while Charlie Brown keeps suggesting its going to clear up.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Schroeder, Violet

Non-Speaking: Snoopy, Patty, Shermy

Category: baseball, rain

Comments: Eight panel Sunday strip


Date: 12 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is reading a story about Beethoven to Schroeder. Schroeder gets excited when Beethoven stands up for himself in the story.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: story, reading, Beethoven

Wikipedia: Beethoven


Date: 13 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown complains to Violet that no loves, likes or tolerates him. She says they do.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: sadness, friends


Date: 14 April 1954

Description: Snoopy follows a golf ball into the cup. He digs it out and gets golf clubs thrown at him.

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Mentioned: Golfers

Category: Speechless, golf, pets, dogs


Date: 15 April 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown what he is reading. He says None of Your Business which the title of the book.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: reading


Date: 16 April 1954

Description: Lucy’s tells her to stop fussing and eat her dinner. Lucy says she wasn’t fussy, just singing.

Speaking: Lucy, Lucy’s mother

Category: dinner, children, mother

Comments: Lucy’s mother isn’t seen


Date: 17 April 1954

Description: Violet shows Patty how to make a deep-dish mud pie.

Speaking: Patty, Violet

Category: mud pie

Comments: Continues the theme of Violet and mud pies


Date: 18 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown teaches Patty how to swing a bat. He gets hit by the baseball on her first swing. She asks if she can play with him, and he replies that he quits baseball.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: baseball

Comments: Eight panel Sunday strip


Date: 19 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown puts a piece of paper as first base and has Lucy stand on it. She asks if she is playing first base, which Charlie Brown says that she is only to stand on the piece of paper.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: baseball, friends


Date: 20 April 1954

Description: Linus happily knocks off his dinner from his table.

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: Speechless, dinner, toddler


Date: 21 April 1954

Description: Schroeder is going over the pitching signs with Charlie Brown. Charlie Brown gets upset when Schroeder says the drop which Charlie Brown cannot throw.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: baseball, argument


Date: 22 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown, Shermy, and Patty are sitting under an umbrella which is revealed to be held by Snoopy.

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy, Patty, Snoopy

Category: Speechless, rain


Date: 23 April 1954

Description: Schroeder tells Charlie Brown to throw the bean-bag. Shermy, the batter, inform Schroeder that it’s called the bean-ball. Charlie Brown proceeds to throw an actual bean-bag.

Speaking: Schroeder, Shermy

Mentioned: Charlie Brown

Category: baseball


Date: 24 April 1954

Description: Lucy listens to a song about a girl who wears all red. Lucy says that the poor girl was out of her mind.

Speaking: Lucy

Category: record player

Comments: Might be a real song, about a girl who wears all red.


Date: 25 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown builds a sandcastle. Patty walks up and Charlie Brown gets mad that she is going to knock it down. When she doesn’t, he celebrates until Violet knocks it down instead.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Violet, Patty

Category: sandcastle, destruction

Comments: 10 panel Sunday strip, continues sandcastle destruction theme with Patty


Date: 26 April 1954

Description: People comment on Schroeder putting candles on his piano.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown, Violet, Shermy

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: piano


Date: 27 April 1954

Description: Schroeder is playing with a truck that Snoopy gets into and dumped out of by him.

Non-Speaking: Schroeder, Snoopy

Category: Speechless, truck, dog


Date: 28 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Schroeder a comic strip he has written. Schroeder does not find it funny.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: comic strip


Date: 29 April 1954

Description: Linus falls down steps and is excited because he went down steps.

Speaking: Linus

Category: toddler, steps

Comments: First Linus thoughts


Date: 30 April 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to make Snoopy jump through a tiny hoop.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: pets, tricks
