Date: 1 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown is watching some kind of video on a 

projector – either one from his childhood or some kind of 

therapy show – and is horrified.  Lucy comments on how there’s 

still her bill to pay for providing Charlie Brown with this 

“aide”.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Notes: It is unclear regarding the specifics of the video 

they’re watching.

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 2 Feb 1964

Description: Linus is on his way to school, along with his 

beloved blanket of course.  Snoopy bolts by, grabbing onto 

Linus’ blanky with his mouth, and sends Linus on a wild ride.  

Linus ends up getting wrapped around a tree by his blanket 

thanks to Snoopy.  In the final scene, Linus starts to explain 

why he was late for school.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: Snoopy’s Antics, Linus’ Blanket


Date: 3 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown’s sister, Sally, kindly presents him 

with a piece of mail as he’s sitting on a chair reading.  He 

opens it to discover quite unfortunately that it’s an expensive 

bill for Lucy’s prior therapy services.  Charlie Brown is not 

happy about this.

Speaking: Sally, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Lucy

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 4 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown goes to Lucy’s “office” to confront 

her about his $143 bill.  Lucy thinks Charlie Brown is upset 

because she didn’t itemize his bill, a notion that causes 

Charlie Brown to have a look of “Good grief!” on his face 

(something he normally says).

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 5 Feb 1964

Description: Lucy sits down with Charlie Brown to explain her 

bill.  She breaks down the costs of the equipment, plus her 

personal fee.  She stresses that the costs are quite 

reasonable.  Charlie Brown notes that he still has the same 

problems despite the services.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 6 Feb 1964

Description: Lucy tries to lessen the sting of Charlie Brown’s 

bill by saying that she helped him a lot, made him aware of his 

problems.  She says she proved therapy is an exact exercise, 

because the bill was for exactly $143!

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 7 Feb 1964

Description: A no-name male character is sitting at Lucy’s help 

booth, describing his problem.  Charlie Brown walks by and 

scoffs at the five cent price listing.  The unnamed therapy 

recipient asks Lucy why Charlie Brown said that.  Lucy tells 

him to ignore Charlie Brown’s comment.

Speaking: Unnamed male, Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 8 Feb 1964

Description: Lucy asks Linus what he would do if he was a 

doctor and one of his patients didn’t want to pay his bill 

(referring to Charlie Brown).  Linus suggests threatening to 

beat the person up.  Lucy considers it and writes to the 

medical board to find out if it is ethical.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Mentioned: Charlie Brown (in context)

Notes: This cartoon takes place in the kids’ living room.  

Linus is watching TV, and then Lucy goes to the table to write 

the letter.

Category: Lucy’s Services


Date: 9 Feb 1964

Description: Linus is building with his Lincoln Logs when he 

gets a splinter in his finger.  He shouts out in pain.  Lucy 

comes over and offers to get the tweezers.  Linus is really 

scared and tries to resist, but Lucy does her good sisterly 

duty and gets it out.  When she’s done, Linus questions why he 

didn’t receive a bullet to bite on during his “surgery”.

Speaking: Linus, Lucy

Category: First Aid


Date: 10 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown and Linus are sitting on a couch 

chair together, reading.  Snoopy is listening in.  Charlie 

Brown is reading advice from a holy man, who suggests sleeping 

until noon so one might not bother humanity.  Snoopy decides to 

go back to his dog house for more sleep!

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy (in thought)

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 11 Feb 1964

Description: Linus is walking along minding his own business.  

He passes Snoopy, who comes up behind Linus and gives him a 

kick in the bum.  Snoopy then races to the Humane Society so he 

can’t be punished.

Non-speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Category: Speechless

Date: 12 Feb 1964

Description: Snoopy is commenting to himself on a passing dog 

that has his head out the car window.  Snoopy mocks the dog and 

thinks to himself how he would never do that.  It ends by 

Snoopy priding himself on good posture and a seat belt while 

traveling in a vehicle.

Speaking: Snoopy (in thought)

Mentioned: Passing dog

Category: Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 13 Feb 1964

Description: It’s the day before Valentine’s Day, and Charlie 

Brown is daydreaming about the redheaded girl from school 

giving him a valentine.  He takes a few moments to really wish 

for it, and then tells himself to snap out of it.  

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Little Red-haired Girl

Notes: Charlie Brown is sitting on a bench eating a sandwich, 

suggesting he’s at school on his lunch break.

Category: Love


Date: 14 Feb 1964

Description: Valentine’s Day is here, and Charlie Brown is 

sitting on his lunch bench observing the little redheaded girl 

passing out valentines.  He comments on how she’s giving out a 

lot of them and to all her friends.  He waits with anticipation 

on his face and in his words.  There ends up being no valentine 

for Charlie Brown from the little red-haired girl, causing him 

to be sad and sarcastic.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Little Red-haired Girl

Category: Love


Date: 15 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown is ranting to Lucy on how he did not 

receive a single valentine from anyone.  He complains 

fervently, until Lucy points out that she wasn’t going to ask 

if he received any valentines in the first place.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Love


Date: 16 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown is reading a letter to Linus from a 

doctor.  The letter consists of recommendations for effective 

education for children.  Linus passionately agrees with the 

suggestions of less homework, so much so that Charlie Brown 

ends up getting knocked over from Linus shouting in agreement.  

Charlie Brown appreciates how spirited Linus is being.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Mentioned: Dr. Horwich, the school principal

Category: School


Date: 17 Feb 1964

Description: Lucy approaches her brother Linus, who is watching 

TV.  She points out that at the end of his life, all he’ll be 

able to say is that he watched TV.  Linus says such is the case 

with their grandpa, who claims to have listened to the radio.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Mentioned: Linus’ grandpa

Category: Life Lessons


Date: 18 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown first brings his dog, Snoopy, his 

regular dinner dish.  Snoopy is happy about this and begins 

eating.  Charlie Brown comes back carrying a platter of French 

fries, of which Snoopy is especially happy about.

Speaking: Snoopy (in thought)
Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 19 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown finds Linus sucking his thumb and 

clutching a dish towel.  He questions Linus as to if the dish 

towel works just as well as a blanket.  Linus replies no, that 

it puts more of strain on his thumb sucking.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Category: Linus’ Blanket


Date: 20 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown walks in on Linus happily cuddling 

his beloved blanket.  The blanket had been lost, so Charlie 

Brown states that Linus has found it.  Linus explains that Lucy 

had been using his blanky to dry dishes by accident, and that 

they now have very “safe” dishes.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Mentioned: Lucy

Category: Linus’ Blanket


Date: 21 Feb 1964

Description: Lucy informs Charlie Brown that the following day 

is George Washington’s birthday, and that she’s required to 

write an essay on him for school.  After some time spent 

writing, she asks Charlie Brown how to spell Gettysburg.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: School


Date: 22 Feb 1964

Description: Snoopy is asleep on top of his dog house and 

starts to sleep walk.  He wakes up and catches himself as he’s 

about to walk over the edge of his roof.  His solution is to 

strap himself to his dog house with a belt so he can continue 

sleeping safely.

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 23 Feb 1964

Description: Snoopy wakes up and comments on how it was chilly 

the previous night.  He jumps down from his dog house and 

notices something about his water dish.  He carries his water 

dish over to where Charlie Brown and Patty are talking and 

proceeds to ice skate on it, as it has frozen.  

Speaking: Snoopy (in thought), Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Patty

Category: Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 24 Feb 1964

Description: Linus and Lucy are standing under a big umbrella 

in the rain.  Lucy asks Linus to check if it’s still raining.  

Linus says he can’t due to his limbs being too short.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Category: Weather


Date: 25 Feb 1964

Description: Snoopy is hanging out on top of his dog house in 

the rain.  He comments on how the flood is rising, and that his 

dog house carpet will be damaged.

Speaking: Snoopy (in thought)

Category: Weather, Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 26 Feb 1964

Description: The water from rain keeps rising, and Snoopy finds 

himself stuck on top of his dog house.  He fretfully asks where 

his help is.  He ponders making a swim for it, but doesn’t wish 

to offend any potential rescuers, such as the Humane Society.

Speaking: Snoopy (in thought)

Category: Weather, Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 27 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown and Sally are staring gloomily out 

the rainy window.  Sally asks when it’s going to stop, causing 

Charlie Brown to assess the situation and remember that Snoopy 

is still outside in the rain.  Meanwhile, Snoopy is outside 

assuming he’s a goner.

Speaking: Sally, Charlie Brown, Snoopy (in thought)

Category: Weather


Date: 28 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown is putting on his coat to go save 

Snoopy, who’s been stranded in a storm.  Sally advises against 

going out in that weather, then says Charlie Brown doesn’t have 

to when Snoopy comes in wearing scuba gear.

Speaking: Sally, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: Weather, Snoopy’s Antics


Date: 29 Feb 1964

Description: Charlie Brown is on his hands and knees inspecting 

Snoopy’s dog house after a storm.  He says the TV still works 

and everything seems fine, and that Snoopy’s Van Gogh painting 

went untouched!  Snoopy smiles happily at this.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy (in thought)

Wikipedia: Van Gogh

Category: Weather, Snoopy’s Antics

