Date: 1 January 1954

Description: Lucy steals Linus' cookie.When their mother accuses her, Lucy claims that Linus offered to share it with her, to which Linus yells ""Ho ho!""

Speaking: Lucy, Linus, Lucy & Linus' mother

Notes: This may be one of the few interactions with a parent of one of the Peanuts gang. Her character does not appear in panel.

Category: cookie, mother, brother/sister, stealing


Date: 2 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Shroeder a comic strip he's been working on. When Schroeder doesn't laugh, Charlie comments about how sad it must be to go through life without a sense of humor.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Wikipedia: George Frideric Handel, Messiah (Hallelujah chorus)

Category: comic strip, sense of humor, musician


Date: 3 January 1954

Description: Lucy eyes Schroeder from afar and vows to get him to notice her. She begins dancing on his piano, until he shouts at her to get off. As he's cleaning away the scuffs and footprints Lucy left, Lucy comments about how she'll never get married.

Speaking: Lucy, Schroeder

Category: love, dancing, piano


Date: 4 January 1954

Description: Schroeder asks Charlie Brown why the sun is round and comments how it should be shaped like a fluorescent light, to which Charlie tells him it's too late to change it now.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: sun, pondering


Date: 5 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown feeds Snoopy a caramel in the hopes that the sight of it getting stuck in his teeth will be hilarious. Snoopy eats it fine, and Schroeder laughs at Charlie Brown.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Notes: Snoopy is essentially speechless in this strip, only uttering a ""gulp"".

Category: caramel, candy, laughing


Date: 6 January 1954

Description: Snoopy yawns, and Charlie Brown comments to Shermy that he must be the ""tiredest"" dog he's ever known. When Shermy asks why he's so tired, Charlie Brown tells him that he's heard being a dog is very tiresome.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy, Snoopy

Notes: Snoopy is essentially speechless in this strip, except for a yawn.

Category: tired, dog's life, yawning


Date: 7 January 1954

Description: Patty and Charlie Brown build a snowman, and Patty threatens to take her half home. Charlie calls her bluff, and ends up with half of a snowman.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: snowman, winter


Date: 8 January 1954

Description: Lucy is reading a book describing the color of the sky and grass. She throws the book down, because she hates books that have a lot of description.

Speaking: Lucy

Category: reading, book


Date: 9 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Shermy are looking up at the stars and Shermy wonders which are brighter, a star or headlights. Charlie Brown explains that headlights are brighter because there are two of them.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy

Category: stars, night, pondering


Date: 10 January 1954

Description: Linus throws a ball and crawls after it. Snoopy spots him and sits down on the end of his pajama bottoms, causing Linus to struggle to move forward. Finally Linus just crawls right out of his pajama bottoms to get away.

Non-Speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Notes: There is no real speech but there is a question mark and exclamation point used in speech bubbles.

Category: speechless, pajamas, crawling, chasing


Date: 11 January 1954

Description: Lucy is building a precarious tower of blocks when Linus crawls up to watch her. Just then, the tower falls and Lucy blames Linus because he looked at it.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: blocks, toys, brother/sister, blame


Date: 12 January 1954

Description: Linus falls asleep while playing with blocks, and Lucy comes up and spells ""Shh"" with the blocks.

Non-Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Notes: No real speech, only a ""Z"" in a speech bubble to represent sleep.

Category: blocks, toys, sleeping, brother/sister


Date: 13 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Shroeder that Snoopy can balance a glass of water on his ear indefinitely. Snoopy in the meantime is struggling to keep the glass up, until Charlie removes it and tells Schroeder that it seems to take no apparent effort.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: trick, glass of water, demonstration


Date: 14 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Violet how Snoopy can balance a glass of water on each ear perfectly. Violet complains that it's a silly thing to do with all the trouble in the world, causig Snoopy to drop both glasses.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: balancing glasses, trick, discouraged


Date: 15 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Snoopy if he'd like to go for a walk. Snoopy gets very excited and darts all over the place. Once walking, Charlie comments about how relaxing the walks are, but he hates the preliminaries.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: dog walking, excitement


Date: 16 January 1954

Description: Linus builds a wobbling tower of blocks, only to have them fall and bury him. Snoopy comes up and looks at the pile of blocks questioningly.

Non-speaking: Snoopy, Linus

Category: blocks, toys, building


Date: 17 January 1954

Description: Linus crawls into a room full of toys and comments how there are no big kids around to take them from him. When he begins to play, the big kids run through the room, taking all the toys with them.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Violet, Patty, Charlie Brown, Shermy, Lucy

Category: toys, big kids, disappointment


Date: 18 January 1954

Description: Schroeder tells Charlie Brown that he's not going to school today. Charlie Brown lists the possible composers whose birthday it could be as Schroeder's reason for staying home, and Schroeder says it's his own birthday.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Wikipedia: Ludwig van Beethoven, Johann Sebastian Bach, Franz Peter Schubert, Johannes Brahms, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Franz Joseph Haydn

Category: Schroeder's birthday, composers, staying home from school


Date: 19 January 1954

Description: Snoopy is sitting up looking kind of depressed. Charlie Brown tells him he won't get anything until he has some expression, so Snoopy looks happy and attentive. Charlie proceeds to tell him that the candy's all gone, and Snoopy returns to looking depressed.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: candy, bribe, sit up, disappointment


Date: 20 January 1954

Description: Linus and Lucy listen in on their mother's phone conversation. She says they're going somewhere and leaving one of the kids with the sitter. Lucy and Linus then point at each other.

Speaking: Lucy, Linus & Lucy's mother

Non-speaking: Linus

Notes: Their mother appears out of panel.

Category: family, brother/sister, mother, sitter


Date: 21 January 1954

Description: Schroeder is playing with a top which plays music when spun. Schroeder runs off to play his piano along with the top's music.

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Category: speechless, music, top, piano, musical notes


Date: 22 January 1954

Description: Lucy is looking up at the sky, and Charlie Brown asks her what she's doing. She says she's counting stars, and he asks her how many there are. She says she has no idea, she's not trying to keep track.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: night, stars, counting


Date: 23 January 1954

Description: Snoopy starts chasing a newspaper, but he has trouble keeping track once the pages separate.

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: speechless, newspaper, chasing


Date: 24 January 1954

Description: Lucy goes around kicking everybody's things in frustration. When they chase after her, she claims that no one understands her.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Linus, Schroeder, Violet, Charlie Brown, Shermy, Patty

Category: kicking, frustration, anger, destruction


Date: 25 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Shermy that everyone's seen the new 3D movie but him, and proving his point, Snoopy walks by in 3D glasses.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: 3D, movie, glasses, film


Date: 26 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is all bundled up in winter clothing. He's warm but can't move.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy

Category: bundled up, warm, winter clothes


Date: 27 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is walking down the street explaining that all you need to live in cold weather is proper dress and a stout heart. Snoopy passes him unclothed, and Charlie calls him a show-off.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: bundled up, cold climate, show-off


Date: 28 January 1954

Description: Snoopy chases after a hockey puck, slips, and ends up sliding into the goalie, Charlie Brown.

Non-speaking: Snoopy, Shermy, Charlie Brown

Category: speechless, ice, hockey, puck, slipping


Date: 29 January 1954

Description: Lucy tells Charlie Brown that she and Patty are having a party and he's not invited. Charlie Brown tells her that she made the right decision, as it would be silly to invite someone who annoys them. Lucy and Patty walk away perplexed, while Charlie is left smiling.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-speaking: Patty

Category: party, invitation, not invited


Date: 30 January 1954

Description: Charlie Brown instructs Snoopy to stand over his toy train tracks to create a tunnel. As he excitedly tries to explain, Snoopy wanders off, and Charlie is left disappointed.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: train set, Rats!, toy, disappointment


Date: 31 January 1954

Description: One by one Charlie Brown's friends crawl into Snoopy's doghouse, much to Charlie's confusion. When they're all inside, Charlie asks if there's room for one more, and Schroeder tells him that the house isn't very big but he ought to see the recreation room.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Non-speaking: Shermy, Patty, Violet, Snoopy

Notes: The exclusion of Lucy in this strip seems rather strange.

Category: Snoopy's doghouse, recreation room, confusion

