Date: March 1, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown is wearing a space helmet and says he’s from Mars, but doesn’t know where it is.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Space

Date: March 2, 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is wearing a space helmet and Lucy and Peppermint Patty fog up the glass.

Speaking:  Lucy, Peppermint Patty

Non-speaking:  Charlie Brown

Category: Space

Comments: Continuation from the day before.

Date: March 3, 1955

Description:  Lucy asks Charlie Brown how he got from Mars to Earth.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category:  Space

Comments:  Continued from the March 1st and 2nd strip.

Date:  March 4, 1955

Description:  Lucy and Violet Gray wonder whether Charlie Brown is really from space, and conclude that he must be because no earth creature has a head that round.

Speaking: Lucy, Violet Gray

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Comments: Continued from March 1st, 2nd, and 3rd.

Date: March 5, 1955

Description: Charlie Brown is wearing a space helmet and Lucy and Peppermint Patty fog up the glass.

Speaking:  Lucy, Peppermint Patty

Non-speaking:  Charlie Brown

Category: Space

Date: March 6, 1955

Description:  Linus is playing with blocks when he realizes hes cold, so he goes and gets an electric blanket.

Speaking:  Linus

Category: Cold weather

Date: March 7, 1955

Description:  Snoopy is sitting and when he realizes Charlie Brown has something in a bag he runs over.

Non-speaking:  Snoopy, Charlie Brown

Category:  Snoopy

Date: March 8, 1955

Description:  Snoopy and Charlie Brown realize there’s chocolate creams in the bag.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown

Non-speaking:  Violet Gray, Snoopy

Category:  Snoopy is hungry

Date:  March 9, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown states that a dog is mans best friend and Lucy says that a blanket is.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-speaking:  Snoopy, Linus

Category: Linus’ blanket

Date: March 10, 1955

Description:  Snoopy and Charlie Brown try the chocolate creams and hate them and fins out that they had coconut in them.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown

Non-speaking:  Sally Brown, Snoopy

Category: Chocolate

Date: March 11, 1955

Description:  Lucy thinks that a bug is frowning at her and apologizes.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Bug

Date: March 12, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown explains the importance of bugs and then gets scared when one crawls up his back.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Bug

Date: March 13, 1955

Description: Lucy is flying a kite that looks like it is up much higher than it really is because it is so small.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Non-speaking: Lucy

Category: Flying a kite

Date: March 14, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown asks Lucy if she ever thought she would be a fussbudget.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Lucy’s mood

Date: March 15, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown asks Lucy if she has any advice for little girls wanting to become a fussbudget.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category:  Lucy’s mood

Date: March 16, 1955

Description:  Violet Gray and Sally Brown admire Snoopy’s new collar.

Speaking:  Violet Gray, Sally Brown

Non-speaking:  Snoopy

Category: Snoopy’s collar

Date: March 17, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown is reading a book about Beethoven to Schroeder.

Speaking:  Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Category: Beethoven

Date: March 18, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown is reading a book about Beethoven to Schroeder and Lucy.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Non-speaking:  Lucy

Category: Beethoven

Date: March 19, 1955

Description:  Lucy tells Charlie Brown she feels sorry for him because he is so pathetic.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Lucy’s mood

Date: March 20, 1955

Description:  Lucy tries playing marbles with Charlie Brown and Schroeder, and when she is unsuccessful she pounds all the marbles into the ground.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: Marbles

Date: March 21, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown is upset when he doesn’t receive money for a paper he wrote for English class.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Sally Brown

Category: School

Date: March 22, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown is wearing his space helmet and gets upset when he sees that Snoopy is wearing one too.

Non-speaking:  Snoopy, Charlie Brown

Category: Space

Date: March 23, 1955

Description:  Schroeder doesn’t believe that the whistle Charlie Brown has is one that only dogs can hear, so Charlie Brown blows it in Snoopy’s ear.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: Dog whistle

Date: March 24, 1955

Description:  Lucy is afraid a bug crawling in the street will get run over.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Bug

Date: March 25, 1955

Description:  Linus is holding his blanket when Snoopy comes and sleeps on it.

Non-speaking:  Linus, Snoopy

Category:  Linus’ blanket

Date: March 26, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown tells Violet Gray “I told you so.”

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Violet Gray

Category: Charlie Brown

Date: March 27, 1955

Description:  Charlie Brown shows Linus a basketball and he makes it in the basket his first try.

Speaking:  Lucy, Linus, Charlie Brown

Category: Basketball

Date: March 28, 1955

Description:  Lucy wants Charlie Brown to say something in martian.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Space

Date: March 29, 1955

Description:  Lucy wants Charlie Brown to say something again in martian.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Space

Date: March 30, 1955

Description:  Lucy wants to know what the weather is like on Mars.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Space

Date: March 31, 1955

Description:  Lucy wants to know what Charlie Brown (Mr. Spaceman) thinks about girls on Earth.

Speaking:  Lucy, Charlie Brown, Sally Brown

Category: Space
