Date: 1 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown's players berate him when they lose 600-0,
asking why he didn't use some strategy.

Speaking: Patty, Linus, Lucy, Schroeder, Violet, two other children

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 2 May 1959

Description: Reading about his team's defeat yesterday, Charlie Brown
finds the expression "hapless opposition" so depressing that he leans
his head against a tree.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Comment: Is Charlie Brown's league prominent enough to be mentioned
even in a local paper?

Date: 3 May 1959

Description: Lucy tells Charlie Brown she wants to play infield, not
outfield, and Charlie Brown lets her play shortstop. When a hit knocks
her upside down, she returns to the outfield.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Date: 4 May 1959

Description: Lucy berates Linus for blaming his racket on poor tennis
playing. In the last panel, we see the racket is severely warped, and
Linus affirms his belief that the racket is to blame.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Date: 5 May 1959

Description: Lucy worries that some girl will one day marry Charlie
Brown, and starts yelling "Beware! Beware!"

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Date: 6 May 1959

Description: Lucy tells Violet about her "some girl will marry Charlie
Brown if 12 years" worry, and they come up w/ "Early Warning Marital
Radar", depressing Charlie Brown.

Speaking: Lucy, Violet, Charlie Brown

Comment: Assuming people were getting married at 18, this would make
Charlie Brown about 6.

Date: 7 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown reverses Lucy's worry by saying he feels
sorry for whoever will marry Lucy. Lucy reminds him that "all brides
are beautiful".

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 8 May 1959

Description: Chasing a bird out of his doghouse, Snoopy notes that he
doesn't his "pad" with anyone.

Speaking: Snoopy

Date: 9 May 1959

Description: Patty paints a picture of a girl holding a flower, while
Charlie Brown paints his canvas black, explaining that he's been
depressed all week.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Patty

Date: 10 May 1959

Description: Lucy tells Linus he should be coloring the sky blue, but
Linus explains that the sky isn't all blue. Lucy asks Charlie Brown
(who hasn't seen any of this) for a neutral opinion. When Charlie
Brown gives the same answer as Linus, she threatens to slug him one
(Charlie Brown has no idea why).

Speaking: Linus, Lucy, Charlie Brown

Date: 11 May 1959

Description: Lucy insults Charlie Brown, explaining to Violet that
this is "destructive criticism". Charlie Brown smiles in the last
panel, perhaps indicating this is being done with his consent.

Speaking: Lucy, Violet

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Date: 12 May 1959

Description: Snoopy shows us his collection of dishes (water, supper,
dessert, snack), including his favorite: a 26" pizza dish.

Speaking: Snoopy

Date: 13 May 1959

Description: Schroeder tells Lucy that the girl he marries must be a
good cook, have a good sense of humor, and enjoy listening to string
quartets. Lucy agrees she meets the first two criteria, but gives
Schroeder a BOING!! for the third.

Speaking: Lucy, Schroeder

Date: 14 May 1959

Description: Answering Linus' question, Charlie Brown estimates the
odds of a star falling where they are to be 10 million billion to
one. Linus moves a little ways away from Charlie Brown.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Date: 15 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown reads from a book about someone turning
their head slowly to see a vampire bat. Linus turns his head slowly to
see Snoopy imitating a vampire bat.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Category: Snoopy Imitations

Date: 16 May 1959

Description: Patty asks Pig Pen how he can get so dirty. Pig Pen
explains that "there are some things we will never know in this
lifetime".

Speaking: Patty, Pig Pen

Date: 17 May 1959

Description: When Charlie Brown tells Lucy that "one star up there is
*my* star", Lucy understands... that Charlie Brown is cracking up.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Date: 18 May 1959

Description: Lucy notes that Charlie Brown hasn't set the record fr
telephone booth stuffing (32). In the last panel, we see Charlie Brown
is stuffing Snoopy's dog house.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Comment: We see the feet/shoes of at least 6 other children, but have
no idea who they are.

Date: 19 May 1959

Description: Violet notes how she sometimes feels alone when she's in
a crowd, but Charlie Brown says he feels alone when he's alone.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Date: 20 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown writes to his pencil pal, explaining that
he's been watching too much TV, but then signs off because his
favorite program is coming on.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: Pencil Pal

Date: 21 May 1959

Description: When Charlie Brown says he believes in kindness to
animals, fish, birds, etc, Lucy notes she's always felt sorry for
amoebas.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Date: 22 May 1959

Description: Linus calls into Snoopy's doghouse, asking him to play
"chase the ball", but guesses Snoopy's not home when he doesn't get an
answer. In the last panel, we see Snoopy hiding on the other side of
the doghouse.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 23 May 1959

Description: Linus calls to Snoopy to play "chase the ball", but can't
find him. In the last panel, Snoopy emerges from underground (like a
gopher) as Linus walks away, disappointed.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Date: 24 May 1959

Description: Linus builds a fancy sand castle. Lucy rides her bike
through it. Linus walks up to Lucy and wonders if she needs to see a
doctor.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Lucy

Date: 25 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown stays at his Gramma's house, as his
mother's in the hospital for 5 days. The "5 days" makes Lucy wonder.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Discussion: Do/did most pregnant women remain in the hospital for 5 days
when giving birth? Is/was this a well-known fact?

Date: 26 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown is ecstatic at the news that he has a baby
sister. Linus points out Lucy didn't act like that when he was born.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Non-speaking: Lucy

Mentioned: Sally

Comment: First mention of yet-unnamed Sally. May 26th may be Sally's
birthday.

Date: 27 May 1959

Description: Snoopy notes that Sally's birth has caused a lot of
excitement, to the point where no one remembers to feed the dog.

Speaking: Snoopy

Mentioned: Charlie Brown, Sally

Date: 28 May 1959

Description: Violet seems happy that Charlie Brown has a new sister,
but Lucy worries about overpopulation.

Speaking: Violet, Lucy, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Sally

Date: 29 May 1959

Description: Snoopy wonders if he should see Sally (who's just come
home), like Schroeder and Patty and others are doing, but decides to
wait until her eyes are open.

Speaking: Snoopy

Non-speaking: Schroeder, Patty

Mentioned: Charlie Brown, Sally

Discussion: In a future comic strip, several kids mention that they've
never seen Sally, which seems to contradict this strip.

Date: 30 May 1959

Description: Charlie Brown hands out chocolate cigars to celebrate
Sally's birth. Snoopy reclines on his doghouse, reflecting "this
should happen more often".

Speaking: Shermy, Pig Pen, Snoopy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Violet, Linus, Schroeder

Mentioned: Sally

Date: 31 May 1959

Description: Lucy helps Charlie Brown fly a kite, and asks him to tell
everyone that she helped-- until the kite comes crashing down, at
which point she says "I don't know you".

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Kite Flying
