Date: 1 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown says that only yesterday’s Halloween pumpkins are the only thing more useless than yesterday’s newspaper.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown 

Category: Halloween, newspaper

Comments: Halloween


Date: 2 November 1954

Description: Snoopy chases a leaf only to get chased by a bunch of leaves.

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: speechless, fall, leaves


Date: 3 November 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown what he would do if the moon fell on his head.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy

Comments: Continues the theme of Lucy and astronomy


Date: 4 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown says that Pig-Pen isn’t better than an animal which upsets Snoopy.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Pig-Pen, Snoopy

Category: dogs, animals, friends, calling names


Date: 5 November 1954

Description: Lucy is babysitting and taking care of Linus which makes him cry.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: brother/sister, mother


Date: 6 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Pig-Pen what he looks like clean. Pig-Pen runs and gets a picture of himself.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen

Category: dirty, friends, photograph


Date: 7 November 1954

Description: Linus builds a house of cards. Lucy knocks it over, and Linus hits her with a block.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: building, toddler, mean

Comments: 10 panel Sunday strip


Date: 8 November 1954

Description: Lucy says all the toys are hers, so Linus gives her his shirt.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: brother/sister, toys


Date: 9 November 1954

Description: Lucy is counting suns, of which she is up to 12. Charlie Brown tells her there is only 1 Sun.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, Sun, counting

Wikipedia: The Sun

Comments: More Lucy and astronomy


Date: 10 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown talks to Lucy while she is counting Suns, but she can’t see anything.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, eye-sight

Comments: More Lucy and astronomy


Date: 11 November 1954

Description: Snoopy is sleeping, and Charlie Brown wishes he’d sleep somewhere else. Snoopy moves in his sleep.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: dogs, sleeping


Date: 12 November 1954

Description: Lucy is proud that her mother awarded her number-one fussbudget again.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: parents, mother, daughter, fussbudget


Date: 13 November 1954

Description: Lucy can’t understand what Linus says, which Charlie Brown takes as she can’t related to Linus.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Linus

Category: brother/sister, toddler, baby talk


Date: 14 November 1954

Description: Lucy tries to get Schroeder to pay attention to her instead of playing music. It doesn’t work, and she figures she’ll never get married.

Speaking: Schroeder, Lucy

Category: piano, love, sadness


Date: 15 November 1954

Description: Lucy is counting Suns again, and she thinks Charlie Brown is stupid because he says there is only one sun.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, the Sun

Comments: More Lucy and counting Suns


Date: 16 November 1954

Description: Lucy counts 48 suns, to which Charlie Brown says there are 48 states. She believe she has found some connection and scientific truth.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, American history


Date: 17 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is getting fed up that Lucy won’t believe him that there is only one Sun.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Lucy

Category: astronomy, Sun


Date: 18 November 1954

Description: Lucy wants to know where the Sun goes if there is only one Sun. Charlie Brown says ‘No place’ which causes her to just laugh at him.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, the Sun

Comments: Continuing Lucy and the Sun


Date: 19 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gets upset with Lucy again because she keeps counting the Sun everyday. She feels bad for him when he cries.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, the Sun

Comments: more of Lucy and the Sun


Date: 20 November 1954

Description: Snoopy won’t let go of Charlie Brown’s comic book, so he has to read it while Snoopy is holding on to it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: dogs, comic strips


Date: 21 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown wants to hold Lucy’s hand so she can safely cross the street. She gets upset because she thinks he just wants to hold her hair. She makes up a compromise.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: holding hands, crossing the street, boy/girl

Comments: 11 panel Sunday strip


Date: 22 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown says he has never seen a student bring a teacher an apple. He is bringing her a frozen chicken pie.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: teachers


Date: 23 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown makes fun of Schroeder because he said Beethoven was the founder of his country.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Patty

Category: teasing, Beethoven

Wikipedia: Beethoven


Date: 24 November 1954

Description: Lucy is watching a bug that Snoopy sniffs away.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: dogs, bugs, angry


Date: 25 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown says you just have to look out for yourself, when Violet tells him to watch out for a fence he was about to walk into.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: sadness, embarrassment


Date: 26 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Violet debate whether men are smarter than women, girls and girl babies.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: men, smarts, women, girls, babies, arguement


Date: 27 November 1954

Description: Lucy is going to bed when her dad turns off the lights. She complains that he turned them off.

Speaking: Lucy, Lucy’s dad

Category: father/daughter, bedtime


Date: 28 November 1954

Description: Linus is playing with Lucy’s balloon, which makes her angry. He lets the air out and puts it in his mouth before she sees him playing with it.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: brother/sister, balloon, angry

Comments: 12 panel Sunday strip


Date: 29 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is petting Snoopy saying how much they like each other even if he doesn’t have certain items until he mentions that he doesn’t have candy. This comment makes Snoopy leave.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: candy, dogs, friendship


Date: 30 November 1954

Description: Charlie Brown meets a new girl named Charlotte Braun.

Speaking: Charlotte Braun, Charlie Brown

Category: new friends, introductions
