Date: 1 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown is watching TV. Snoopy climbs on top of the tv, and peers his head over to watch too, blocking Charlie's view. Charlie gets angry, Snoopy smiles sheepishly at him, and then lays on the TV sighing.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Notes: Next to no dialogue, except for an ""ahem"" and ""sigh"".

Category: TV, annoyance, anger


Date: 2 December 1957

Description: Linus tells Charlie Brown that winter is coming and the days are getting shorter. Charlie tells him that it's good because with how his days are going he doesn't want them to last too long.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Category: depression, winter, friends


Date: 3 December 1957

Description: Violet yells at Charlie Brown, adamently telling him she never wants to speak to her again, and after some thought, Charlie asks her to define the word ""never"".

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: anger, enemies, shouting


Date: 4 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown tells Shroeder that the whole world is filled with hatred and he knows it to be true because the whole world hates him.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder	

Category: anger, hatred


Date: 5 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown is lying down on the ground and comments to himself that nobody likes him. A bird lands on his shoes, flies away, and Charlie sees this as confirmation.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: bird, depression, resentment


Date: 6 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown is lying on the ground, Snoopy walks up and rests his head on Charlie's head, then Lucy comes up and rests against Snoopy.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Lucy, Snoopy

Category: Good Grief, sleeping


Date: 7 December 1957

Description: Charlie wants to tell Lucy something personal and asks her to promise not to laugh. She promises, he tells her he lies awake at night hoping to hear someone shout that they like him, and Lucy laughs.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: laughing, mean, broken promise


Date: 8 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown is arguing with Lucy, so she challenges him to a fight. When Charlie backs down, Linus tells him he should've slugged her, to which Schroeder explains that Charlie did the admirable thing by not hitting a girl. Charlie then admits he only backed down to avoid getting beat up.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Linus, Schroeder

Category: arguing, fighting, humiliation


Date: 9 December 1957

Description: Linus asks Lucy how old Santa Claus is, Lucy tells him he's pretty old as he's been around a long time, and after some thought, Linus comments on how he's amazed Santa can appreciate the problems of young people so well.

Speaking: Linus, Lucy

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, age, brother/sister, family


Date: 10 December 1957

Description: Linus asks Charlie Brown to write a letter to Santa for him asking how old he is and what he's been doing all these months. Charlie Brown stops writing, and when Linus asks him what's the matter, Charlie tells him it's hard to write when nauseated.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, age, letter, dictation


Date: 11 December 1957

Description: Linus continues to dictate his letter to Santa to Charlie Brown, going on about how much he thinks of him and how he is a ""friend among friends"". Charlie can't stand it and leaves, and Linus yells that he is a terrible secretary.

Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, letter, dictation


Date: 12 December 1957

Description: Linus yells at Charlie Brown that he'll write his own letter to Santa without his help, and then proceeds to ask Charlie what end of the pencil to use.

Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, letter, writing 


Date: 13 December 1957

Description: Linus asks Lucy to write his letter to Santa, but Lucy tells him to write his own letter. Linus in turn calls her a blockhead.

Speaking: Linus, Lucy

Notes: Usually Charlie Brown is the one who is referred to as a ""blockhead"".

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, brother/sister, blockhead


Date: 14 December 1957

Description: Linus is sadly walking with his letter to Santa, passes Snoopy, and asks if he takes dictation.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, dictation, letter


Date: 15 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown is walking with Schroeder when Snoopy excitedly runs up to him. Schroeder is repulsed as Charlie Brown and Snoopy hug and excitedly greet one another. Charlie Brown explains that Snoopy does this everyday when he comes home from school, to which Schroeder asks him if he intends to tell Snoopy that it's Sunday. Snoopy appears shocked and kicks Charlie Brown.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: pals, school, greeting, kicking


Date: 16 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown is preparing Snoopy's supper, and he asks Schroeder to whistle for Snoopy to come in and get it. Schroeder whistles Beethoven's F Minor Sonata, and tells Snoopy he is the only dog who has had that whistled to him. 

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Wikipedia: Ludwig van Beethoven, F Minor Sonata

Category: whistling, Beethoven, supper


Date: 17 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown asks Schroeder if he had a good time yesterday, Schroeder asks what he's referring to, and Charlie tells him it was Beethoven's birthday. Schroeder lets out a ""Good Grief"", and says that he forgot.

Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Wikipedia: Ludwig van Beethoven

Category: Beethoven's birthday, forgets, Good Grief


Date: 18 December 1957

Description: Lucy laughs at Schroeder for forgetting Beethoven's birthday after waiting a whole year for it. Schroeder bangs his head against a tree.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Wikipedia: Ludwig van Beethoven

Category: Beethoven's birthday, forgets, laughing


Date: 19 December 1957

Description: Lucy sings Happy Birthday to Beethoven near Schroeder, and then laughs.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Wikipedia: Ludwig van Beethoven

Category: Beethoven's birthday, Happy Birthday, singing


Date: 20 December 1957

Description: Lucy is leaning against Schroeder's piano and tells him she would never forget Pat Boone's birthday.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Wikipedia: Pat Boone

Category: piano, Pat Boone, birthday


Date: 21 December 1957

Description: Schroeder walks up to his piano which has a Beethoven bust sitting on it. Schroeder looks at it sadly and asks what can he say.

Speaking: Schroeder

Category: bust of Beethoven, sadness, piano


Date: 22 December 1957

Description: Linus is holding his blanket and sucking his thumb. Lucy angrily snatches his blanket from him and rips it to shreds. Linus proceeds to weave the pieces back together and goes back to holding it and sucking his thumb. 

Speaking: Lucy, Linus

Category: blanket, rips, thumbsucking, anger, brother/sister


Date: 23 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown asks Linus if he's done any Christmas shopping. Linus says he has no interesting in giving only ""gitting"".

Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown

Category: Christmas, shopping, giving, gitting


Date: 24 December 1957

Description: Lucy tells Linus that tonight is the night that Santa drops presents down the chimney. Linus says they should fervently wish him a safe journey.

Speaking: Linus, Lucy

Wikipedia: Santa Claus

Category: Santa Claus, brother/sister, Christmas, presents


Date: 25 December 1957

Description: Shermy, Lucy, Pig Pen, Violet, Patty, Snoopy, Shroeder, and Linus are holding up signs that say ""Christmas Greetings From"", followed by their names, while angrily looking over at Charlie Brown, who is holding his sign upside down.

Non Speaking: Shermy, Lucy, Pig Pen, Violet, Patty, Snoopy, Shroeder, Linus, Charlie Brown
 
Category: Christmas, greetings, Good Ol' Charlie Brown


Date: 26 December 1957

Description: Violet is telling Patty that there are a lot of instant products on the market. Charlie Brown walks by and Violet adds ""instant dislike"" to the list.

Speaking: Violet

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: instant, food, drink, mean girls


Date: 27 December 1957

Description: Snoopy is chewing something, spits it out, and walks away. Charlie looks at it and says he wishes Snoopy wouldn't spit his gum on the sidewalk.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: gum, chomp


Date: 28 December 1957

Description: Charlie Brown shows Lucy a list of his New Year's resolutions and says he wants to correct all his faults. Lucy appears overwhelmed and says that the human mind recoils at the contemplation of such a staggering task.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: New Year, resolutions, list


Date: 29 December 1957

Description: Snoopy sees a patch of ice and begins slipping and sliding on it. He slides too far however and falls, causing Charlie Brown to have to drag him off the ice on a sled. Linus tells Snoopy that one patch of ice doth not a winter make, and Snoopy tells him to shut up.

Speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: ice, sliding, skating, hurt, falls


Date: 30 December 1957

Description: Schroeder is listening to the radio and Snoopy walks up. Snoopy looks disgusted at the music, and presses his ears together to drown out the sound.

Non-speaking: Schroeder, Snoopy

Category: music, radio


Date: 31 December 1957

Description: Linus asks Charlie Brown if he's ever seen a penguin, and Charlie tells him how ""funny-looking"" they are. As he's trying to find a descriptive word, Snoopy imitates the penguin, and Charlie says it's sort of like that.

Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: penguin, Snoopy imitation"
