Date: 1 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown watches Shermy play with a rather elaborate toy train set. Charlie goes home to play with his train set which is small and disappointing.

Non-speaking: Shermy, Charlie Brown

Category: speechless, train set, disappointment


Date: 2 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Lucy how Snoopy can balance a bottle of pop on his ear. Lucy asks what the flavor is, Charlie Brown tells her it's grape, and Lucy seems to think that that explains it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: balancing bottle, soda pop, trick


Date: 3 February 1954

Description: Linus is sitting on the floor. He hiccups and falls backward. He hiccups again and returns to the seated position.

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: speechless, hiccups, klunk, falling


Date: 4 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is watching his toy train go around the track. When it enters the tunnel, Snoopy panickly darts from out of the tunnel.

Non-speaking: Snoopy, Charlie Brown

Category: speechless, train set, toy, tunnel


Date: 5 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Schroeder are playing with a musical top, and Schroeder wonders what it's playing. Charlie Brown tells him tht title, and Schroeder is impressed with his knowledge, until Charlie tells him he read it on the side of the top.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Wikipedia: Gloria Choral

Category: top, music, Gloria Choral


Date: 6 February 1954

Description: Violet tells Charlie Brown that she's having a tea party and he's not invited. Charlie informs her that he doesn't like tea anyway, so Violet asks him what he likes. When Charlie tells her he likes hot chocolate, she says she's having a hot chocolate party and he's not invited.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: tea party, not invited, hot chocolate


Date: 7 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Snoopy are sitting on a sled on top of a very small hill. The sled only goes a few feet, and Charlie asks Snoopy if they should try again or wait until he catches his breath.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: sledding, sleigh, small slope


Date: 8 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is walking ahead of Lucy, and although she's telling him to wait for her, Charlie doesn't stop. Lucy keeps falling further and further behind him.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: falling behind, walking, ""wait for me""


Date: 9 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Schroeder are listening to a record player. Charlie begins asking Schroeder about the music. Every time Charlie tries to take an interest in what Schroeder is saying, Schroeder keeps correcting Charlie Brown and comes off as a know-it-all.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Wikipedia: Joseph Haydn, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart

Category: record player, music, know-it-all


Date: 10 February 1954

Description: Snoopy barks at the musical top, and the top kicks him. 

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: speechless, top, music


Date: 11 February 1954

Description: Violet tells Charlie Brown that she wants to be a nurse when she grows up. When she asks Charlie what he wants to be, he says ""perfect"".

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: aspiration, nurse, perfect


Date: 12 February 1954

Description: Shermy writes ""Charlie Brown loves all the girls"" on a fence.

Non-Speaking: Shermy

Category: speechless, message, writing, rumor


Date: 13 February 1954

Description: Violet comments to Lucy that Charlie Brown is a nice guy. Lucy jumps down her throat, but then calmly agrees.

Speaking: Lucy, Violet

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: Charlie Brown complimented, nice guy, over-reacting


Date: 14 February 1954

Description: Lucy is counting the stars and complains to Charlie Brown that it's a lot of trouble and it would help if she were closer. So she goes to get a small chair, gets on top, and claims it makes all the difference in the world.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: counting stars, night


Date: 15 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is siting behind Lucy in school. He tells her about how his grandfather used to dunk girls' pigtails in the inkwell. Lucy flips out and tells Charlie that if he does that she'll knock him across the room, to which Charlie says the same thing happened to his grandfather.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Charlie Brown's grandfather

Category: Charlie Brown's grandfather, school, class, inkwell


Date: 16 February 1954

Description: Linus is sitting on the floor reading a book, and Lucy is sitting beside him watching the clock. When 7 o'clock comes, Lucy yells ""Bedtime"", startling Linus.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: brother/sister, bedtime, reading, startled


Date: 17 February 1954

Description: Patty tells Charlie Brown that a bunch of them were talking about him. Charlie Brown jokingly says that he hopes it was nothing bad. Patty doesn't respond, and Charlie's laughter dwindles into embarrassment.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Category: embarrassment, Charlie Brown insulted, laughing


Date: 18 February 1954

Description: Linus is hammering on one of his toys rather roughly. When it breaks after much abuse, Linus comments about how they don't make thing like they used to.

Speaking: Linus

Category: toy, hammering, broken


Date: 19 February 1954

Description: Charlie gives Patty some soap flakes and tells her to pat it to form a ball. He tells her it's his new invention: instant snowballs.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Notes: I'm pretty sure what Charlie Brown gives Patty are soap flakes. It's an unlabeled box, but I'm not sure what else would be feasible.

Category: instant snowballs, soap flakes, invention


Date: 20 February 1954

Description: Violet and Charlie Brown get into an argument and she tells him to go home. By the time Charlie Brown gets all his winter clothing on, Violet tells him she isn't mad anymore.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: argument, winter clothes, bundled up, Violet's house


Date: 21 February 1954

Description: Lucy is still counting stars, and Charlie Brown offers to help her. He asks if she's counted a particular star, and Lucy has trouble figuring out which one he's pointing to. After going back and forth awhile, Lucy finally spots it and then asks Charlie Brown, ""What about it?""

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: night, counting stars, frustration, determination


Date: 22 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to tell Lucy that the sun is a ball of fire and hangs in the air, but Lucy doesn't believe him and laughs at him. Charlie ends up feeling deflated.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: laughing, sun, depression


Date: 23 February 1954

Description: Patty and Lucy write on a fence, ""Violet loves Charlie Brown and Violet loves Shermy"".

Non-speaking: Lucy, Patty

Category: speechless, fence, writing, love, rumor


Date: 24 February 1954

Description: Violet and Patty are going on and on about how great this picture of Charlie Brown is. Violet then tells him it doesn't look a bit like him.

Speaking: Patty, Violet

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: photograph, picture, Charlie Brown complimented, Charlie Brown insulted


Date: 25 February 1954

Description: Charlie Brown brings Lucy a peanut butter sandwich, and Lucy complains that he got jelly on it. He gets so fed up with her complaining that he tears the sandwich into shreds.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Good Grief, peanut butter sandwich, anger


Date: 26 February 1954

Description: Schroeder telld Charlie Brown that he doesn't think his comic strip is very funny. Charlie Brown flies off the handle and yells at Schroeder for insulting his work. He then tells him he'll go get an honest opinion somewhere else.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: comic strip, critique, anger


Date: 27 February 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown if she could touch the sun by standing on a chair. Charlie tells her she couldn't even with ten chairs, to which Lucy suggests eleven.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: sun, chairs, pondering


Date: 28 February 1954

Description: Lucy is playing with her toys when her mom tells her she has to go to bed. Lucy throws a huge tantrum, tiring herself out.

Speaking: Lucy, Lucy's Mom

Notes: Lucy's mom appears off panel.

Category: toys, bedtime, tantrum
