Date: 1 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown confides to Linus that, after the birth of his baby sister Sally, he still gets depressed because he feels that nobody likes him. Linus comments on how "Charlie Brown" poor Charlie Brown is.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Notes: The term "Charlie Brownest" is used as an adjective here.

Category: security blanket, brother/sister, depression


Date: 2 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown takes his depression troubles to Lucy. She says she cannot help him, not because he has such a complex personality but because it is so simple.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Notes: Lucy is not behind her "psychiatric consultation - doctor is in" stand for this consultation.

Category: Charlie Brown insulted, depression


Date: 3 July 1959

Description: Lucy diagnosis Charlie Brown's condition as an emotional letdown after the thrill of having a new baby sister. When Charlie Brown asks if it happened to her after Linus was born she responds that merely seeing Linus was a letdown.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Linus

Mentioned: Sally

Category: baby, brother/sister, depression


Date: 4 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown expresses amazement at the wonder of the progression of life --- that his father can buy a barber shop, get married, and have children. He imagines what his father is going to have to do to support all the change and sees the new sign in the shop advertising ten dollar haircuts.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Charlie Brown's parents and sister Sally

Notes: Charlie Brown refers to the grown-up world that is never pictured and makes a comment implying that a ten dollar haircut was something unheard of nearly fifty years ago.

Category: bedtime, family, father


Date: 5 July 1959

Description: Schroeder, dressed as an umpire, and Charlie Brown, with a baseball cap and bat, send Linus deep into the field. Charlie Brown asks Schroeder if he wants to see a kid with a great throwing arm and then hits the ball out to Linus. Linus runs after it, catches it, then powers it back to Charlie Brown and Schroeder who get bowled over by it. Schroeder and Charlie Brown are lying down in various states of undress and Charlie Brown happily says that that is a kid with a great throwing arm.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Schroeder, Linus

Category: baseball

Comments: This is a twelve-panel Sunday comic.


Date: 6 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown is reading out of the newspaper to Shermy. He is impressed with the progress in the rocket business; where they had been sending dogs into space they are now sending mice. Snoopy is happy with this new "healthy trend".

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Non-speaking: Shermy

Category: newspaper, space flight


Date: 7 July 1959

Description: Schroeder is taking a walk. He comments that Beethoven used to enjoy the beautiful sounds of the countryside during long walks when his thoughts are interrupted by Lucy screaming at some "blockhead" to bring back her ball. Rather distraught, Schroeder thinks how nice Beethoven had it.

Speaking: Schroeder, Lucy

Category: blockhead

Wikipedia: Ludwig van Beethoven


Date: 8 July 1959

Description: Lucy shares her thoughts on Charlie Brown's situation with him. First there is just a young couple, then one child, then another and, soon, the house is full of children. Charlie Brown tells her he understands, that children seem to have a way of stacking up like old magazines.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Mentioned: Sally

Category: family


Date: 9 July 1959

Description: Schroeder is at his piano, clean bars of music are shown above his head. Lucy leans coyly over the piano and asks if anyone has told him he has pretty eyes. The lines of music become all jumbled and a very red-faced Schroeder walks away from his piano. Lucy comments that you can unnerve a musician by telling them they have pretty eyes.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Category: blushing, music, piano

Comments: It is unclear whether Lucy is flirting with Schroeder or trying to get him to stop playing the piano.


Date: 10 July 1959

Description: Violet and Lucy corner Charlie Brown saying that they still haven't seen Sally and want to know what she looks like. When Charlie Brown begins to tell them they cut in saying they don't want to hear what she does look like but rather what she does not look like --- particularly that she does not look like him.

Speaking: Violet, Lucy, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Sally

Category: Charlie Brown insulted


Date: 11 July 1959

Description: An outraged Charlie Brown asks Lucy what would be so terrible if Sally looked like him. Lucy responds that looks aren't important to boys but that girls have to be pretty.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Mentioned: Sally

Category: Charlie Brown insulted


Date: 12 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown is taking off his trademark zigzag shirt excited to get into his swim trunks and the neighborhood wading pool. Lucy and Violet are already in the little inflatable pool and tell him that there is no room and to find his own pool. Charlie Brown sees a bucket and makes a few trips to the garden spigot. We finally see him sighing and sitting in an old tire filled with water.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Violet

Category: summer heat, wading pool

Comments: This is a ten-panel Sunday comic.


Date: 13 July 1959

Description: Lucy is looking at a little pinwheel-type windmill and asks Charlie Brown what it is for. He says that when the wind spins it, it is supposed to make the earth vibrate, thus keeping gophers away. The last panel shows the windmill spinning and Snoopy and his doghouse shaking wildly.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: gophers


Date: 14 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown asks Snoopy how he likes his new dog dish but Snoopy merely snorts and trots away. We see the dog dish, which has "chow hound" written on it, and Charlie Brown calls after him that they can always get the name removed.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: "chow hound"


Date: 15 July 1959

Description: Linus is looking in a hand-held mirror and excitedly starts to say "I do! I do!" Then, touching his face he decides that he had only seen some dirt. When Lucy walks in with a puzzled look he explains that, for an exciting moment, he thought he needed to shave.

Speaking: Linus

Non-speaking: Lucy

Category: shaving


Date: 16 July 1959

Description: Schroeder is at his piano when Lucy, draped over the end of it, starts to reflect on what a complex person she is and that it is worth the trouble of getting to know her. She aims a winning smile at Schroeder and explains that to know her is to love her. Schroeder leaves without a word and a sighing Lucy is left all alone.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-speaking: Schroeder

Category: piano


Date: 17 July 1959

Description: Snoopy is stretched out along the top of his doghouse when Charlie Brown walks by telling Linus that cats always land on their feet. We see a slinky-like spiral rolling off the roof of the doghouse then a very surprised Snoopy who has landed with a "wump" on all fours. Snoopy, leaning against a rock resting his bruised paws, says that the more he hears about cats, the less he likes them.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: cats


Date: 18 July 1959

Description: Schroeder, behind he piano, vehemently tells Lucy that he wouldn't marry her unless she was the last girl on earth. When Lucy asks for a clarification as to whether he said "if" or "unless" she were the last girl on earth he admits that he said "unless". Lucy declares that there is "HOPE"!

Speaking: Schroeder, Lucy

Category: piano


Date: 19 July 1959

Description: The background of the initial title panel shows proper vocabulary flashcards and Linus holding up some that he has made himself that say "wun" (one) and "tu" (two). We see him industriously cutting rectangles of paper and writing on them. When Charlie Brown enters and asks what he is doing he responds that he is making his own set of flashcards like they use in school  to help him learn how to read. He tells Charlie Brown that he will quiz him to see how good a reader he is. Linus holds up the first card and Charlie Brown reads "loook" (look). Linus congratulates him and runs through a few more, "taybul"(table) and "kow" (cow). Linus compliments Charlie Brown for getting them correct then starts to go faster, "paypur" (paper), "dore" (door), "howse" (house), "welkum" (welcome), "nife" (knife), "spune" (spoon). When Linus asks if Charlie Brown wants to go through the cards again, Charlie Brown declines saying "Awl thys reeding is harrd onn mi eyys! (All this reading is hard on my eyes).

Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown

Category: learning/flashcards, vocabulary/spelling

Comments: This is a thirteen-panel Sunday comic.


Date: 20 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown is having breakfast, a bowl of cereal, and reading the cereal box at the table. In the next panel Patty is reading her cereal box too over breakfast. In the next panel Lucy is also reading her cereal box over her bowl of cereal. Finally we see Snoopy having breakfast from his dog dish with the can of food open next to the bowl as if he were reading it over his breakfast too.

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty, Lucy, Snoopy

Category: Snicker Snack breakfast cereal


Date: 21 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown is telling Lucy that he worries about his innocent little baby sister in such a trouble-filled world when she cries at night. Lucy tells him that she is just crying because she is hungry. Charlie Brown says that that doesn't make him feel any better because then there is world turmoil and his sister is starving to death. Lucy responds with a "good grief".

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Mentioned: Sally

Category: babies, good grief, crying, world madness


Date: 22 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown is reading a newspaper and tells Linus that it troubles him to see Sally grow up in such a troubled world. Linus tells him to think positively, to think of the progress in the world, for instance that there will be three major leagues when she grows up.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Mentioned: Sally

Category: babies, newspaper, world madness


Date: 23 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown tells Linus that he doesn't have a baby sister to be concerned about with the bad state of world affairs. He lists examples of how the world is getting progressively worse: murders, robberies, auto accidents, blackmail, and other terrible things. Snoopy adds that he shouldn't forget about people kicking dogs.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy

Non-speaking: Linus

Mentioned: Sally

Category: dogs, existential questions, security blanket, world madness


Date: 24 July 1959

Description: Linus tells Charlie Brown that the world is a better place than it was five years ago. An outraged Charlie Brown asks if he has ever read the newspapers or listened to the radio. Linus clarifies that the world is better because he is in it now.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Category: security blanket, existential questions, newspaper, radio, world madness

Comments: Instead of five years earlier, Linus was first introduced in September of 1952.


Date: 25 July 1959

Description: Charlie Brown asks Linus, if he is really convinced that the world is improving, why he holds on to his security blanket. Linus responds, "touch&eacute;".

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus

Category: security blanket, existential questions


Date: 26 July 1959

Description: We see Snoopy crawling stealthily through the bushes. He hides behind a tree. He attacks. We see his target is Linus's security blanket, which he succeeds in getting hold of, spinning Linus like a top as he makes off with it. Linus chases him back to his doghouse and we see the doghouse shake and then roll away down a hill, finally smashing against a tree. Charlie Brown races to find out what has happened and sees a rather shaken Linus riding a rather shaken Snoopy. Linus is carrying the security blanket attached to a stick like a white sheet of surrender.

Non-speaking: Snoopy, Linus, Charlie Brown

Category: blanket stealing, security blanket

Comments: This is a twelve-panel Sunday comic.


Date: 27 July 1959

Description: Violet asks Charlie Brown and Linus why they are standing around looking worried. Charlie Brown tells her they are afraid of the future, not anything in particular but everything. Linus agrees, telling her that their worrying is "broadminded".

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown, Linus

Category: security blanket, world madness


Date: 28 July 1959

Description: Linus tells Snoopy he is envious that Snoopy doesn't have anything --- the future, or inflation, or anything --- to worry about. Snoopy watches him walk away and then thinks that he does wonder where his next meal is coming from.

Speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Category: existential questions


Date: 29 July 1959

Description: Snoopy watches a butterfly fluttering along. It alights on a bush and he goes to take a closer look. When he sees the butterfly's face he says that it was better looking from a distance.

Speaking: Snoopy

Category: butterfly


Date: 30 July 1959

Description: Linus tells Charlie Brown that he wants to develop a concern for others. When Charlie Brown asks if by "others" he means those less fortunate Linus responds no. He wants to be concerned with bringing down those who are more fortunate than he is to his level.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Linus


Date: 31 July 1959

Description: Lucy is eating candy from a bag and Linus stops Charlie Brown to ask his advice. He presents the "hypothetical" problem of a person having a bag of candy, half of which are coconut-flavored. Linus wants to know if a person who doesn't like them should accept coconut-flavored candies if he suspects the person sharing is simply trying to get rid of them because she doesn't like them either. Charlie Brown walks away claiming that he has never pretended to be able to resolve moral issues.

Speaking: Linus, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Lucy

Category: candy, distastefulness of coconut
