Date: 1 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Patty that she cannot walk over him. When he says the wrong word, she beats him again.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: fighting, jealousy


Date: 2 July 1954

Description: Lucy tickles Snoopy and then Charlie Brown tickles Snoopy which causes Snoopy to flip.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Snoopy, Charlie Brown

Category: dog, pets, tickling

Comments: Continues the tickling theme with Snoopy and Lucy


Date: 3 July 1954

Description: Patty tells Violet that Charlie Brown got a new t-shirt. Violet is glad he got rid of the stripes on his shirt. Charlie Brown walks in with more stripes on his shirt.

Speaking: Violet, Patty

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: friends, t-shirt, gossip


Date: 4 July 1954

Description: A bird is chirping on Snoopy’s doghouse agitating him. He tries to knock the bird off, but is unsuccessful.

Non-Speaking: Snoopy, Bird

Category: bird, annoyed, dog, noise

Comments: 8 panel Sunday strip


Date: 5 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Schroeder how old Beethoven was when he died. He then asks Schroeder how old his dad is to which Schroeder couldn’t answer. Charlie Brown asks if Schroeder is ashamed of himself.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: piano, embarrassed, dates, parents

Wikipedia: Beethoven


Date: 6 July 1954

Description: Snoopy plays with a rounded toy which hits him back.

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: toys, dogs, pain


Date: 7 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Schroeder that he is a misfit. Charlie Brown thinks maybe he should join a group of misfits, but reasons he wouldn’t fit in there either.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: sadness, friends


Date: 8 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to sneak by Snoopy, but his shadow gives him away.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: dogs, pets, sneaky


Date: 9 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gives Snoopy bubble gum. It scares Snoopy.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: pets, dogs, bubble gum


Date: 10 July 1954

Description: Linus is building with blocks and falls asleep.

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: blocks, toddler, sleeping


Date: 11 July 1954

Description: Lucy tries to get Charlie Brown to remove fuzz from his shirt since she is scared of it. Charlie Brown thinks it’s a bug. They decide to wait until they are older to walk around the block.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: friends, scared, fuzz, bugs

Comments:10 panel Sunday strip


Date: 12 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Lucy if her parents eat candy, which turns into her saying how they don’t eat candy, ice cream, popcorn, and chips. She doesn’t know how they stay alive.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Mentioned: Lucy’s parents

Category: parents, treats, snack food


Date: 13 July 1954

Description: Patty walks up to a boy in a sandbox who is all dirty. His name is Pig-Pen.

Speaking: Pig-Pen, Patty

Category: sandbox, friends, introduction of Pig-Pen

Comments:Pig-Pen introduced


Date: 14 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is introduced to Pig-Pen by Patty.

Speaking: Patty, Pig-Pen

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: new friends, introduction, dirty


Date: 15 July 1954

Description: Patty asks Pig-Pen is he wants to wash his hands before eating. He says he’ll just pound them together like erasers instead.

Speaking: Pig-Pen, Patty

Category: washing hands, dirty, friends, food


Date: 16 July 1954

Description: Snoopy sees a mud puddle coming towards him which turns out to be Pig-Pen. Pig-Pen says hello and touches Snoopy who isn’t pleased that he did.

Speaking: Snoopy, Pig-Pen 

Category: friends, dogs, dirty


Date: 17 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Pig-Pen that his mom wants him to take a shower. Pig-Pen gets excited about a shower, which shocks Charlie Brown. Pig-Pen explains he likes showers, but he likes getting dirty even more.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen

Mentioned: Pig-Pen’s mother

Category: Friends, shower, dirty


Date: 18 July 1954

Description: Schroeder has Charlie Brown come over to imitate Virgil Thomson and his style of capturing a personality in music with Charlie Brown as Schroeder’s subject. However, Schroeder can’t come up with any music for Charlie Brown.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: piano, music, personality

Wikipedia: Virgil Thomson

Comments: 12 panel Sunday strip


Date: 19 July 1954

Description: Patty tells Charlie Brown about Schroeder writing a piano sonata. Charlie Brown is upset because Schroeder wrote it on the back of Charlie Brown’s comic.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: Friends, music, piano


Date: 20 July 1954

Description: Patty tells Pig-Pen that he is dirty and that he must go out of his way to get dirty. He says he doesn’t go out of his way to stay clean.

Speaking: Pig-Pen, Patty

Category: Dirty, friends


Date: 21 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown goes swimming and scared by a shark that is really Snoopy’s ear.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: swimming, dogs, pets, tricks


Date: 22 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is eating candy and Pig-Pen asks if he can have a piece. Charlie Brown gets disgusted and gives all the candy to Pig-Pen.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen

Category: dirty, candy, friends


Date: 23 July 1954

Description: Lucy meets Pig-Pen through Patty. She welcomes him to the gang by smacking his back which creates a dust cloud.

Speaking: Lucy, Patty

Non-Speaking: Pig-Pen

Category: dirty, friends, introduction


Date: 24 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown explains to Lucy that dogs are merely imitation people. Lucy makes a face at Snoopy that confuses him.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: friends, dogs


Date: 25 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is chasing a record. Snoopy steals it which upsets Charlie Brown. When he gets it back, he is upset with the sound of the library records since they are all scratchy.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: records, dogs, pets


Date: 26 July 1954

Description: Patty and Violet make plans to go a show. They plan to meet in front of Charlie Brown’s house, which causes him to bust into the conversion and accuse them of not saying nice things about him.

Speaking: Violet, Patty, Charlie Brown

Category: friends, interrupting, making plans


Date: 27 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gets mad that Snoopy is following him. He tells Snoopy to sit. Snoopy follows Charlie Brown while sitting, but still crossing the floor.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: Dog, pets, orders


Date: 28 July 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown what a certain star is, which he replies that it’s a planet called Mars.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: astronomy, friends

Comments: More Lucy and stars


Date: 29 July 1954

Description: Lucy complains to Charlie Brown because he said Mars was close, but she can’t touch it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: friends, astronomy

Comments: Continues previous day’s strip


Date: 30 July 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Pig-Pen why he doesn’t try to stay more neat. Pig-Pen says that his way keeps him from girls and mosquitoes.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen

Category: friends, dirty


Date: 31 July 1954

Description: Snoopy sees Pig-Pen coming and doesn’t want to catch a dirty ball from him. When Pig-Pen throws the ball, Snoopy takes off the other way grossed out.

Speaking: Snoopy, Pig-Pen

Category: dirty, dogs
