Date: 1 May 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown to trade three comic books. Charlie Brown gives her ""Mangle Comics"", ""Disease Comics"", and ""Gory Comics"". In return Lucy gives him ""The Little Bunnies"", ""Billy Bluebird"", and ""The Funny Foxes"" much to Charlie's chagrin.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: trading, comic books


Date: 2 May 1954

Description: Lucy and Charlie Brown are playing baseball. Lucy pitches a very torn up baseball to Charlie Brown and Charlie hits it but not very far. Lucy grabs the ball, chases him, and whacks him on the head with it. Charlie then tells Schroeder that baseball is no longer a hitter's game.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Lucy, Schroeder

Notes: I think what Lucy throws is a torn up baseball. I can't quite tell from the illustration to be certain.

Category: baseball, batting, hitting


Date: 3 May 1954

Description: Shermy admires Charlie Brown's collection of war comics. After Shermy reads off the Korean War comics, Charlie Brown tells him that the next issue has him worried.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy

Wikipedia: Revolutionary War, War of 1812, Civil War, World War I, World War II, Korean War

Category: comic books, war, collection


Date: 4 May 1954

Description: Lucy and Charlie Brown are playing baseball. Charlie Brown throws the ball to Lucy but it flies right by her, because she is distracted by her holding her glove up to her ear. When Charlie asks what she's doing, Lucy says she's listening to the ocean.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: baseball, anger, ocean


Date: 5 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown has Snoopy hold a piece of candy on his nose until Charlie instructs him to grab it. Snoopy struggles under the weight of the candy, and Charlie tells him it'll be a good trick once he has more strength.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: candy, dog trick, weakness


Date: 6 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown walks past Patty and Violet. Violet comments on how he struts and thinks he's good. Charlie Brown thinks to himself that he hates walking by them because they make him feel inferior.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty, Violet

Category: walking, inferiority, Charlie Brown insulted


Date: 7 May 1954

Description: Lucy proudly tells Charlie Brown that out of the 876,130,560 children in the world, her mother picked her as the number one fuss-budget.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Mentioned: Lucy's mother

Category: pride, fuss-budget, number of children


Date: 8 May 1954

Description: Violet is telling Charlie Brown about her book being in terrible shape, while Snoopy overhears. When Violet mentions that the pages have been dog-eared, Snoopy looks at his own ear questioningly.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: book, dog-eared, confusion


Date: 9 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is helping Lucy with her golf game, and is impressed with how well she is doing. They spot a poster for a golf tournament, and Charlie Brown thinks she should enter. Lucy however is nervous about entering.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Notes: There is an announcement in the last panel saying that Lucy will enter her first golf tournament next week.

Category: golf, tournament, announcement, encouragement


Date: 10 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown sees Lucy eating a bowl of something with a spoon and asks her how she can eat cereal in the middle of the afternoon. She informs him it's not cereal, it's jelly beans.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: eating, jelly beans, cereal


Date: 11 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is playing outfield in his baseball game, and heckling the batter. The batter then hits a home run.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: baseball, heckling, home run


Date: 12 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is swinging on a swing, but swings to far and falls off.

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: swing, hurt, falling


Date: 13 May 1954

Description: Lucy offers Charlie Brown gray jelly beans. After he eats them, she informs him that they used to be white but she's held them around in her hand all morning.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: gray jelly beans, gross


Date: 14 May 1954

Description: Lucy is crying and saying she doesn't like anyone, not even herself.

Speaking: Lucy

Mentioned: Lucy's mother and father, Linus

Category: crying, sadness, depression


Date: 15 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is listening to the radio and there's a commercial on for coconut flavored cough medicine. He kicks the radio, and Violet explains that Charlie Brown hates coconut.

Speaking: Violet, radio 

Non-speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: radio, coconut, cough medicine


Date: 16 May 1954

Description: It's the day of the big golf tournament, and Lucy is very nervous. Charlie Brown assures her that no one will be watching because she's an unknown. When they get to the first tee, there is a big crowd of adults watching her.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Announcer

Non-speaking: adult crowd

Category: golf tournament, adults, nervous


Date: 17 May 1954

Description: Snoopy is half-heartedly howling at the moon. When Charlie Brown comments about it, Schroeder tells him it's only a half moon.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Schroeder

Category: howling, night, half-moon


Date: 18 May 1954

Description: Lucy makes a hill of sand and climbs on top. The sand slowly sinks, and Lucy is left disappointed.

Speaking: Lucy

Category: sand, hill, climbing, Rats


Date: 19 May 1954

Description: Snoopy is sweating in the sun and it begins to rain. He seems happy about it until it becomes a downpour.

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: speechless, sun, raining, weather


Date: 20 May 1954

Description: Schroeder tells Lucy that he bought a Chopin record and it has a dirge in it. Lucy tells him maybe he can return it and get his money back.

Speaking: Lucy, Schroeder

Wikipedia: Frédéric Chopin 

Category: record, Chopin, dirge


Date: 21 May 1954

Description: Lucy is playing with a jack-in-the-box, and Snoopy sits behind it. When the jack-in-the-box pops out, the lid is facing Snoopy and causes him to jump into the air.

Non-speaking: Lucy, Snoopy

Category: speechless, jack-in-the-box, toy, startled


Date: 22 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is admiring Lucy's balloon and tells her not to trust such thin string. He offers to give her something more sturdy and she ends up with a balloon on a rope.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Lucy

Category: balloon, rope, admiration


Date: 23 May 1954

Description: The golf tournament continues. Lucy is doing extremely well, with the encouragement of Charlie Brown. He tells her nothing can stop her now.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: crowd of adults

Category: golf tournament, continuation, adults


Date: 24 May 1954

Description: Lucy slaps Linus on the head. When Charlie Brown asks her why, her reason is because he was there.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: hitting, anger, brother/sister, cruelty


Date: 25 May 1954

Description: Lucy is describing the beauty of clouds to Charlie Brown, and she tells him there's no doubt about it they're making clouds prettier all the time.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: clouds, sky


Date: 26 May 1954

Description: Charlie Brown pours some potato chips into Violet's hands. When he drops one, Snoopy quickly eats it before it hits the ground.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy

Category: potato chips, eating, Gulp


Date: 27 May 1954

Description: Lucy attempts to insult Snoopy by calling him ""just a dog"". When he doesn't become insulted, she wonders why, and Charlie tells her he's not insulted to be called a dog.

Speaking: Lucy,Charlie Brown

Non-speaking: Snoopy 

Category: Snoopy insulted, dog


Date: 28 May 1954

Description: Lucy tells Charlie Brown she finally made up her mind. When Patty asks what's going on, Charlie informs her that Lucy finally decided what to color her Easter eggs.

Speaking: Lucy, Patty, Charlie Brown

Category: decision, Easter eggs, colors


Date: 29 May 1954

Description: Linus is playing with a jack-in-the-box. He gets startled when the jack-in-the-box pops out of the bottom of the box.

Non-speaking: Linus

Category: toys, jack-in-the-box, startled


Date: 30 May 1954

Description: The golf tournament continues. Lucy's doing incredibly well, and Charlie Brown tells her after one more hole she'll be the Women's State Amateur Golf Champion, and her mother will be proud. Lucy suddenly remembers that she needs to go home and take a nap, and Charlie Brown says that that's the way it goes.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: golf tournament, finale, adults, nap, quitting


Date: 31 May 1954

Description: Lucy is eating out of a bag, and asks Charlie Brown if he likes coconut. Charlie Brown says he doesn't. Lucy finishes the bag, and tells him she was eating chocolate creams.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: eating, candy, coconut, chocolate creams, tricked
