Date: 1 March 1954

Description: Schroeder is trying to play the piano when Snoopy zooms in
and accidentally takes it with him.

Non-Speaking: Schroeder, Snoopy

Category: Speechless


Date: 2 March 1954

Description: Patty and Charlie Brown are comparing who is taller with each
stepping on their tippy toes to be taller than the other.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: Height


Date: 3 March 1954

Description: Patty and Charlie Brown are racing each other when Patty stops
as Charlie Brown hides behind a stop sign.

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: Speechless


Date: 4 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to convince Linus that his block stack that
hes building will fall since its diagonal.  Charlie Brown calls Linus smartalecky
when it doesn't fall.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: Linus blocks, jealousy


Date: 5 March 1954

Description: Violet thinks Snoopy is the cutest thing and gives him a hug.  Charlie
Brown gets upset because he can't get hugs and squeezed from girls like Snoopy can.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: Dogs, Cuteness


Date: 6 March 1954

Description: Violet and Charlie Brown are having an argument with only ""Yes"" from
Charlie Brown and ""No"" from Violet.  Each box they get louder, and Charlie Brown
feels like he cannot win.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: Fighting, Women


Date: 7 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is walking with Lucy and Patty telling them about his dream
the previous night involving a castle and everyone he knew. Patty suggests its because
its the last thing he read before going to bed. Lucy walks alone and agrees that it sounds
reasonable.  She reads before bed and has dreams about what she read.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Patty

Category: Dreams, Imagination

Comments: Eight panel Sunday Comic


Date: 8 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Lucy are watching TV as Linus behind them builds a chair
to sit with them.

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy, Linus

Category: Speechless, toddler, blocks, building


Date: 9 March 1954

Description: Snoopy gets patted on the head by Charlie Brown, Schroeder, Lucy, and Violet and 
understands why he has a headache every night.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder, Lucy, Violet, Snoopy

Category: dog, headache, pet


Date: 10 March 1954

Description: Lucy tells Linus that he can't go in her sandbox. Linus walks away and
builds his own sandbox.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: brother/sister, building, toddler


Date: 11 March 1954

Description: Snoopy sees Charlie Brown walking towards him and says he doesn't want to
be patted on the head.  Charlie Brown pats Snoopy's head only to have Snoopy collapse to
the ground which makes Charlie Brown think he killed Snoopy.

Speaking: Snoopy, Charlie Brown

Category: dog, pet, headache

Comments: Refers to the March 9th comic


Date: 12 March 1954

Description: Snoopy is sleeping when Linus comes up to him and builds a doghouse around him.
Snoopy awakes confused.

Non-Speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Category: building, dog


Date: 13 March 1954

Description: Lucy and Schroeder walk up to Snoopy and decide that they should pat him
on the head because he'll like it.  Snoopy prevents that from happening with his ears.

Speaking: Schroeder, Lucy

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: dog, pet

Comments: refers to March 9th and 11th comics


Date: 14 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown builds a large mound of snowballs.  He is read to throw them
at Lucy when shes walking by, but they get all stuck frozen together.

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: Speechless, snowballs, snow

Comments: 8 panel Sunday strip


Date: 15 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gives Violet a Valentine's Day card a day late according to him.
She replies that its a month late.  He turns it into a Happy Income Tax Day.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: love, Valentine's Day, taxes

Wikipedia: Valentine's Day, Tax Day


Date: 16 March 1954

Description: Snoopy thinks to himself that pats on the head will be okay because the
humans mean well.  He decides to let Charlie Brown pat his head, but Charlie Brown just
walks on by.

Speaking: Snoopy

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: pets, dogs, pats on head

Comments: Refers to previous patting on head strips with Snoopy


Date: 17 March 1954

Description: Patty and Charlie Brown are playing marbles with Charlie Brown down to his
last marble. He gives a sad speech about the marble that convinces Patty to let Charlie
Brown keep it.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: marbles, games


Date: 18 March 1954

Description: Linus is outside when it begins to rain outside. He builds himself a shelter.

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: building, toddler, rain

Comments: Continues the theme of Linus building random things


Date: 19 March 1954

Description: Snoopy is asleep, and Linus builds some blocks on Snoopy's head.  Snoopy awakes 
and knocks all the blocks onto Linus.

Non-Speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Category: building, toddler

Comments: More Linus building


Date: 20 March 1954

Description: Violet is sharing some chocolates with Charlie Brown.  Instead of the chocolates,
she gives him the paper cups to pretend that they are boats.

Speaking:  Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: chocolates


Date: 21 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown builds a sandcastle that Patty stomps and tears down. He gets angry, gives up,
and goes to bed.

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: sandcastle, tear down, speechless

Comments: 15 panel Sunday strip


Date: 22 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown calls Snoopy dumb for standing outside in the rain.  When Patty
asks Charlie Brown why hes standing in the rain, he runs away in embarrassment.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: rain, embarrassment


Date: 23 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Violet about her new item.  Its sanitary mud-pies as they
have never been touched by human hands.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet

Category: mud, new item


Date: 24 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is down because the kids don't call for him to play.  Schroeder and 
Shermy yell at him to come outside, and Charlie Brown is glad to be alive.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Shermy, Schroeder

Category: baseball, friends, sadness


Date: 25 March 1954

Description: Patty tells Charlie Brown and Shermy that they are playing a game wrong. They
say they know, but won't change because its how they've always played.

Speaking: Shermy, Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: games


Date: 26 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gives Schroeder a Jack-in-the-box designed for Schroeder.  The
jack-in-the-box contains Beethoven.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Schroeder

Category: toys, piano

Wikipedia: Beethoven


Date: 27 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Violet that he feels that everyone is laughing at him. The
only time they are not is when hes trying to be funny.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown

Category: funny, sadness


Date: 28 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown and Lucy are playing a game that Charlie Brown complains is stupid and boring.
Lucy says thats because hes losing. Charlie Brown decides to go play with Linus since Lucy says she won't.
Charlie Brown thinks he can show Linus how to build something since hes a big kid. Linus has built a 
large structure which CHarlie Brown says that some kids admire bigger kids.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: building, toddler, brother/sister, big kids

Comments: Eight panel Sunday Strip, continues Linus' building theme


Date: 29 March 1954

Description: Linus builds a brick wall for Snoopy to jump over.

Non-Speaking: Linus, Snoopy

Category: Speechless, Building

Comments: Continues Linus building items theme


Date: 30 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells everyone to go way out in the field.  He swings and misses the ball.
He asks where the fielders were on the play.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Fielders

Category: baseball, swing and a miss


Date: 31 March 1954

Description: Charlie Brown is yelling at Snoopy for something. Snoopy hangs his head, which Charlie
Brown says he should since hes in so much trouble. Snoopy falls asleep.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: Pets, dogs, discipline
