Date: 1 December 1954

Description: Violet wonders if Charlotte is related to Charlie Brown. She is adamant that she is not related to him, which upsets him.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Violet, Charlotte

Category: introductions, friends 


Date: 2 December 1954

Description: Patty meets Charlotte. Patty says that Charlotte talks loud, which Charlotte says is a way to put over a point.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty, Charlotte Braun

Category: introduction, loud


Date: 3 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown asks Charlotte if she always has to talk loud. She said its her normal quiet voice and makes him hear her loud voice.

Speaking: Charlotte Braun, Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: introductions, loud voices


Date: 4 December 1954

Description: Violet points out to Charlotte that if she marries Charlie Brown, her name would be Charlotte Brown instead of Charlotte Braun. Charlotte yells at Charlie Brown to stay out of her life.

Speaking: Violet, Charlotte

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown 

Category: introductions, marriage, friends, the future


Date: 5 December 1954

Description: Pig-Pen wants to give Charlie Brown candy, but the thought makes Charlie Brown sick. He “drops” it into Snoopy’s mouth, making Snoopy sick.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Pig-Pen

Non-Speaking: Snoopy

Category: candy, dirty, dogs, sickness

Comments: 9 panel Sunday strip


Date: 6 December 1954

Description: Violet and Patty tell Charlie Brown he isn’t invited to their party. He makes a big scene, and they run away so happy that it made him sad. He says that he feels good to make them feel good.

Speaking: Violet, Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: friends, mean, teasing


Date: 7 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to say something nice to Charlotte, but she thinks he is being sarcastic and gets angry.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Charlotte

Category: being nice, sarcastic, friends, yelling


Date: 8 December 1954

Description: Charlotte is complaining to Charlie Brown because the girls won’t play with her because they say she is too loud. She asks if that is true, which causes Charlie to walk away and ask what she was saying.

Speaking: Charlotte, Charlie Brown

Mentioned: Violet, Patty

Category: friends, girls, yelling


Date: 9 December 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown what the odds were that they would get married. Schroeder gave them better odds than Charlie Brown, which makes Charlie Brown clal him a traitor.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown 

Mentioned: Schroeder

Category: Girls, boy/girl, marriage, friends, traitor


Date: 10 December 1954

Description: Lucy asks Charlie Brown how high up the sky goes.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: astronomy, the sky, friends, questions

Comments: More Lucy and being curious


Date: 11 December 1954

Description: Schroeder makes Lucy happy by composing a piece of music for her called The Fussbudget Sonata.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Schroeder, Charlie Brown

Category: piano, love, boy/girl


Date: 12 December 1954

Description: Lucy goes to throw a snowball at Charlie Brown, but then resists. He applauds her, and then she changes her mind and hits him anyway.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Lucy

Category: snowballs, winter, violence

Comments: 11 panel Sunday strip


Date: 13 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown writes a normal letter to Santa Claus asking how is doing and adds a P.S. saying to greet Mrs. Claus after asking Patty if Santa is married.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Category: Christmas, Santa Claus

Wikipedia: Christmas, Santa Claus


Date: 14 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown writes Santa a note asking him to not bring all the good toys to Shermy.

Speaking: Charlie Brown 

Mentioned: Shermy

Category: letters, Santa Claus, toys


Date: 15 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown writes a letter to Santa asking not for toys, but for a picture of Santa to hang on his wall.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Patty

Category: Santa Claus, letters, toys


Date: 16 December 1954

Description: Schroeder bakes a cake for the school’s birthday celebration for Beethoven.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: Beethoven, cake, party

Wikipedia: Beethoven


Date: 17 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Lucy all the things that Santa Claus does. Lucy is amazed in the age they live in.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: Santa Claus, amazed, friends


Date: 18 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown gets a letter from Santa that turns out to be a form rejection slip.

Speaking: Patty, Charlie Brown

Category: Santa Claus, sadness, letters


Date: 19 December 1954

Description: Lucy takes all of Linus toys except a rubber band. He has a ton of fun with it, so she steals it as well.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: Brother/sister, mean

Comments: 12 panel Sunday strip


Date: 20 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown shows Linus how to blow up a balloon, which Linus blows into a cube.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: balloon, toddler

Date: 21 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to explain to Linus that balloons are suppose to be round, not square.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: balloon, toddler, teaching


Date: 22 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tells Lucy about Linus making square balloons, and she confronts him saying they will have to move out of the neighborhood.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: toddler, brother/sister, balloons


Date: 23 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown tries to get Linus to blow round balloons, but he is not successful.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: toddler, balloons


Date: 24 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown brings a wavy shaped balloon, which Linus makes into a rectangle when he blows up his.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: toddler, balloon, teaching


Date: 25 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown replaces Beethoven with a Christmas tree on top of Schroeder’s piano.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: Christmas, tree, piano, Beethoven

Wikipedia: Beethoven, Christmas


Date: 26 December 1954

Description: Schroeder shows Charlie Brown all the Beethoven gifts he got for Christmas, but doesn’t know what he is going to do with the electric train set he got.

Speaking: Charlie Brown, Schroeder

Category: Beethoven, Christmas, trains, presents

Comments:12 panel Sunday strip


Date: 27 December 1954

Description: Lucy proves you cannot bounce a snowball no matter how hard you try.

Speaking: Lucy, Charlie Brown

Category: snowball, science tests


Date: 28 December 1954

Description: Linus tries to hit the ball off the paddle, but he isn’t successful.

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: toys, toddler


Date: 29 December 1954

Description: Charlie Brown goes to Violet’s door with a big ball of snow and asks her to help him build a snowman.

Speaking: Charlie Brown

Non-Speaking: Violet

Category: snowmen, boy/girls


Date: 30 December 1954

Description: Snoopy begs Linus for food. Linus gives him a teething-biscuits which Snoopy doesn’t like.

Speaking: Snoopy

Non-Speaking: Linus

Category: toddler, dogs


Date: 31 December 1954

Description: Lucy licks a snowflake off of her mittens, but gets grossed out when she tastes fuzzy mittens.

Speaking: Lucy

Non-Speaking: Charlie Brown

Category: snow, grossed out
